---
layout: single
title: "2023-08-29 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2023-08-29
excerpt: "29 Aug 2023 Meeting"
---

###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`

## Meeting Info

- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** 2023 August 29, 10:00 (ET)
- **Agenda**

1. Introductions
2. Approval of [previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/issues/209)
3. Data Analysis and Visualization in R for Ecologists workshop, September 7–8
4. Meet-and-greet, September 13
5. Instructor trainings
6. Genomics workshop, October 2–3
7. IFAS reports
8. Workshop photographs
9. Any other business

**Note:**
Due to a communications error, the Board was split between two Zoom rooms. Minutes from the second meeting are _italicized_.

- **Participants:**
    - Present: Dellena, Aida, Vassuki, Ali, Ke
    - **Chair:** Dellena
    - **Secretary:** Ke
    - _Present: Flora, Cory, Natya, Audrey_
    - _**Chair:** Audrey_
    - _**Secretary:** Cory_

## Notes
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

### Introductions

Aida met Vaasuki.

_Everyone present knew everyone else, so we skipped introductions._

### Approval of previous meeting minutes

_**Audrey** will reach out to CJ for possible paper or un-pushed minutes from the May 2 meeting._

### Data Analysis and Visualization in R for Ecologists workshop, September 7–8

8 people signed up by the morning of Aug29.
We need to send out reminder email in the next few days. We kindly ask all board members to spread the flyer to their department and anywhere they can post.
It not enough people signed up (less than 12), send out email to cancel at 5pm on 5th (Tuesday).

Instructor and helper will go through check-list for preparation of workshop.

**Vaasuki** will email Dr. Geraldine Klarenberg to make sure she has been certified by Carpentry Club, to help us fulfil the requirement of at least one instructor should be certified.

_For future reference, Flora can also send relevant announcements to the Artificial Intelligence listserv. (Not this workshop.)_

### Meet-and-greet, September 13

Dellena and Cory will meet on Aug29 to update on the preparation of meeting agreements.

_**Cory** and **Dellena** will meet after this meeting to plan the event and send an update to the Board._

_**Audrey** will locate the PowerPoint slides used at previous meet-and-greets on the Google Drive._

_**Flora** will prepare a sign-up form for the meet-and-greet._

### Instructor trainings

We need to decide who will receive Instructor training, need to check how many positions.

_We have roughly $400 remaining from previous workshops. This will be used to cover food at the meet-and-greet._

_We (may) have roughly $3000 remaining from sponsorships. This will be used to support instructor trainings._

_**Audrey** will request Ike to join the next Board Meeting to discuss budget formats._

_**Audrey** will determine the membership renewal date._

### Genomics workshop, October 2–3

Aida and Cory will meet on Aug 29 to discuss Genomic workshop. The default setup for workshop is too intense with too much content. There may be the need to drop some content from it.

_**Cory** and **Aida** will meet later today to plan this workshop._

_We will be using a different lesson for this workshop ([Intro to R and RStudio for Genomics](https://datacarpentry.org/genomics-r-intro/)), which (per Natya) is less intesive regarding command line file navigation and uses Bioconductor for many tasks._

### IFAS reports

_We need to restart these reports, which stopped a couple of years ago._

_We will prioritize this discussion in the meeting with Ike._

### Workshop photographs

_Flora noted that we should include a request for permission to take photos in the registration process._

_**Flora** will incorporate this into the meet-and-greet sign-up form._

### Any other business

Aida working on applying for a small grant to translate genomic workshop into Spanish.

_Audrey noted that sponsorship requests should be added to the next meeting agenda._

_Audrey noted that elections should be added to the next meeting agenda._

### Next board meeting

We need to send out email to ask availability of people for next meeting. Also send out a reminder one day before the meeting.

_**Cory** will email the board to decide whether to schedule the next Board Meeting for next week or the following._

_**Cory** will chair the next meeting, and **Audrey** will secretary._
