---
layout: single
title: "2018-08-14 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2018-08-14
excerpt: "Research Bazaar Logistics and Prep"
---


## Attendees
Simona (remote), Kristina (remote), Matt, Plato, Punam, Joe Andreoli, Brian, Maio, Matt Gitzendanner, Justin

## Agenda
- Update on membership fund raising
- Confirm logistics for upcoming workshops
- HiPerGator overview during workshop
- ResBaz speaker schedule
- Financial support for out-of-town ResBaz speakers
- R-ladies funding

## Notes

### Membership Renewal Funding

Membership funding is complete, Matt will be completed the PO with Alethea by the end of the month

### ResBaz planning
- Instructors for R and Python workshops are set
- Grad list-serv was NOT advertised, Punam had submitted but was never circulated
- Justin will add info (times, info, speakers) to the website
    - Add link to the homepage
- All breaks and lunches are set (11:30 for R, 12:30 for Python)
- Lunch for Friday is unresolved, Simona will follow-up with Flora
- Brian will introduce Python sessions, Punam for R
- Justin will set up time table and locations for mini-tutorial
- Hiper-Gator intro (5 min) right after lunch on Thursday sessions (Simona)
- Simona will send out info to WEC list-serv, Justin will send on R list-serv, Justin/Punam will send on SFRC/EPI, Maio on the museum, Joe on Geography, Justin will try GRAD again
- Parking for Kari, Matt will get parking pass
- Simona will figure out remote connect program, Hao will coordinate
- Update website with mini-tutorial info (Justin)
### Funding for R ladies
- SFRC gave a projector, so no funding needed

### Elections
Election announcement next week, nomination open for three-four week (think of people to nominate).
