---
layout: single
title: "2019-07-23 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2019-07-23
excerpt: "membership renewal logistics, email setup, CoC, upcoming workshops, public reporting, stickers"
---

# UF Carpentries Board Meeting, July 23, 2019

## Agenda

* Approve [last week's minutes](https://www.uf-carpentries.org/minutes/board-2019-06-25/)
* Carpentry membership logistics (#119)
    - Any further updates on fundraising? Are we done for this year? (#103)
    - Review membership agreement with The Carpentries
    - Who will be our designated signee/local contact for the agreement?
    - Who should represent us on the The Carpentries Member Organisation Council?
* Setting up a group-account for the entire board on Google Groups (#120)
* Approve new Code of Conduct (#100)
    - Pull request now up at UF-Carpentry/website#45
* Updates on USDA-ARS/UF Machine Learning Training 2019 (Aug 27-28)
* Start publicizing workshops for fall 2019/spring 2020 (#121)
* Should we make our Carpentries report public? (#69)
* Update on stickers

## Notes

* Attendees
    - Board Members: Gaurav, Elise, Joe, Geraldine, Brian, Hao, Simona
    - Non-board members: Taylor, Carla, Alethea
- Approve [last week's minutes](https://www.uf-carpentries.org/minutes/board-2019-06-25/)
    - Approved
- Funding review for Carpentries membership review (#103)
  - IFAS ($10,000) + UFII ($3,750) + UF Libraries ($1,500) + WEC ($1,500) + FLMNH ($1,500) = $18,250
  - UFII funding
      - (see below agenda item)
      - more discretionary use available (not just travel or the Carpentries membership)
  - IFAS funding
      - is earmarked for Carpentries membership
  - WEC funding
      - Hao and Simona will connect Alethea with WEC staff for funds transfer
  - Museum funding
      - is open-ended, and Alethea can use it
  - UF libraries funding
      - Hao will put Alethea in touch with UF libraries for funds transfer
  - earmark for REC program travel ($2500)
  - We should talk to Biology
      - a lot of the attendees from the Bio department
      - some students are in the Biology deparment, but are advised by employees or researchers of the museum
  - What about the epidemiology department? (suggested by Carla Mavian)
  - "Medicine" broadly defined also includes a lot of people -- so we should talk to them too!
  - What are we planning to do with the surplus budget?
- Meeting between Geraldine, Hao, and George Michailidis (UFII) (#116)
    - brainstorming session on workshop topics (network analysis, machine learning)
    - would like surplus money to be used to help incentivize instructors or to fund travel/training/professional development
    - sees UF Carpentries Club as a central clearinghouse for off-book, non-UF-course instructional training (we have connections in place already for dealing with money, organizing workshops, developing instructional personnel)
- Identify election board for Fall
    - tasks involved: announce and solicit candidates, run the elections, share the results
    - Simona and Hao
- Identify travel award selection committee for Fall
    - Gaurav, Brian, and Geraldine
- Scheduling workshops and events
  - ResBaz update (September)
    - We have a preliminary schedule of events
    - After next Thursday's meeting, they'll be soliciting speakers and asking for lightning talks
    - Funding for 1 day of lunch for Research Bazaar (with other sources covering the other days) for approx 50 participants ($500 - $750)
    - We are cool with that. :snowman: 
  - Machine Learning / Tensorflow workshop update (end-August?)
    - https://github.com/USDA-ARS-GBRU/ml-training-site
    - What is the role of the UF Carpentries Club / Board 
    - Adam Rivers (USDA) has set up space
    - Identified potential instructors from among UF folks
    - Should we check on setting up registration / fees for UF attendees?
  - Fall workshop in genomics (#114)
    - Pre-planning for Data Carpentry Genomics workshop
    - "Let's do it!" - Geraldine
    - 12 people on the waitlist (from previous offering in April)
    - late October / early November
    - give Alethea a range of dates to reserve the room
    - possible November 14/15
  - possible workshop in Orlando (UCF)
    - for non-host organizations, there is a $3000 fee to have a workshop, and instructor travel arrangements are covered by the institution
    - Carla is considering starting a discussion about possibilities and funding arrangements
    - Is the board open to instructor training from UCF to build up their students there?
  - Regular course as well (early October?)
      - Maybe just before or just after Resbaz?
      - October 7-11 -- week after homecoming!
      - or October 14-18
      - Brian: "Mercurial is a better version control system than Git"
  - Spring workshop in machine learning or network analysis (#115)
      - Facilitate setting up a 2 day workshop, talk to instructors or professors on campus to put together an introductory workshop
      - we would cover Carpentry topics, and then professors would teach the machine learning
      - "regressions before neural nets"
      - we would not be teaching, but can organize and host a workshop, using professors to teach stats/modeling content;
      - the UF Carpentries club could offer instructors for basic python or R practices; could be timed to hook attendees of instructor training
  - R for social sciences (Rafael Vacca)
      - has a network module
      - joint appointment of a new professor with UF Geography and UFII
      - not sure if Prof. Vacca will offer something in 2019
      - https://soccrim.clas.ufl.edu/2018/08/27/introductory-r-workshops-for-social-scientists-organized-by-rssig/
- Improvements to our website
  - Include new logo! (#31)
      - Hao to dump in a logo
  - Add pathways / "Get Involved" page to the website (#82)
      - there is an "About/Community" page, but it could be expanded beyond the how to be an instructor and making it more prominent
      - why should people take the workshops
  - Add a specific description of the REC program (#71)
  - More photographs of the workshops!
      - At https://twitter.com/UFCarpentries/media
- Updates on Code of Conduct revamp (#100)
- Joe's leaving
- Do we want to order stickers with the new logo?
    - yes
    - 300