---
layout: single
title: "2018-09-25 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2018-09-25
excerpt: "Election debrief, geospatial lesson onboarding, Fall workshops"
---

## Attendees
Matt, Brian, Justin, Hao, Simona (remote), Kristina (remote), Joe Andreoli, Punam Amratia and Nitya Singh (remote), Geraldine (remote), Adam Rivers (remote)

## Agenda
* election process debrief
* finalizing the board
* October workshop logistics
* other Fall events

## Notes

### Election Process debrief
* low turnout
* website issues
* original email got sent twice
* Dan Maxwell had the wrong email address 
* why not google forms? Unless you log in, can vote multiple times
* look into alternative options
* check email list for next time

### Finalizing the board
* tie during the election
* agree that Joe and Gauruv can both serve
* new board can formalize procedures to handle ties in the future
* membership in the club is not defined, but anyone can add themselves to the mailing list
* Brian, Elise, Gauruv, Geraldine, Hao, Joe, Kristina, Simona (announcement)
 
### October 4 (1-day) workshop
* is full (without yet email to grad list)
* 7 folks coming as a result of idigbio summit
* (from Nitya) have not done the workshop before, more comfortable as a helper

### October 23-24 workshop (geospatial)
* several folks have gone through onboarding
* Justin will reach out to instructors to decide who's teaching what
* figure out which components should be taught - questionnaire for the attendees to identify background and skills
* teach all the lessons initially, and then get responses from attendees on what was useful and what was redundant - help us plan for future workshops
* check on dates (some confusion over whether it is 22-23 or 23-24) - when do we have the room booked for?

### Anything else for the semester
* Justin, Ben, and Shawn are planning an R bootcamp
* October 20 is Hacktoberfest event (OSC, Hackathoners, DSI)

### More workshops at RECs / general outreach and other events
* Zack Brym is interested in offering a workshop at PREC
* long-term, plan to have a 1-workshop at a different location per semester (try to get more involvement from local communities, might start on annual basis)
* a majority of the attendees for the Fort Lauderdale workshop were not UF, but from other institutions
* how do we do workshops at other institutions - we bring some of the enthusiasm and instructors, and other places provide experienced instructors and logistics - possible way to address resources needs 
* possible for USDA and USGS cooperation, especially for instructor training
* Carpentries organization is interested in smaller meetings (than carpentry con) every other year - Justin expressed interest in hosting

### Travel Awards
* get the call out this week (2x $500 awards)
* review applications at next meeting

### other items
* onboarding document for new board members (Matt and Justin)
* discussion over board roles