---
layout: single
title: "2018-09-11 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2018-09-1
excerpt: "Election planning, workshop planning, Fall coordination"
---

## Attendees
Joe Andreoli, Miao, Justin, Hao, Simona (remote), Kristina (remote), Gaurav Vaidya, Geraldine Klarenberg, Lisa (remote)

## Agenda
* Board elections
* Logistics for upcoming workshops (October 4 and October 23)
* Finances
* Update on R-Ladies

## Notes

### Board Elections
* all 10 candidates who self-nominated are eligible
* update website to include elections (Matt and Hao)
* Matt would like to document process of running elections, set up web service and craft email (Matt and Simona)

### October 4 1-day workshop
* Matt is running it
* have confirmation 
* registration link has gone out to iDigBio, next week will go out to wait list

### October 23-24 geospatial workshop
* Justin, Geraldine, Simona, Sergio, Kristina are doing the onboarding for the lesson
* Justin plans to organize a session to confer with instructors about familiarity with the material
* will get registration link from Fiona
* how do we implement priority registration?
  - can contact funders in advance, do you want to reserve seats for your department?
  - ask for contacts from department to email registration link in advance

### Finances
* Alethea and Matt are converging on budget
* currently have about $2000, each workshop nets about $500, so we'll be at $3000
* would like to give out $1000 to $1500 this semester
* should we do more awards, larger awards (than $500)
* travel awards can be used for things not conventionally supported by our work sources
* easier to have fixed amounts than have to make decisions that tradeoff amounts vs. eligibility in applicants
* is $500 too limiting as a cap (people might not apply if they don't have funding to cover the remaining)
* advertise for travel awards when recruiting instructors
* committee to decide travel awards will be designated after elections
* changes to travel award amounts will need to involve changes to the club charter

### Update on R-Ladies
* Auriel is giving the WEC seminar on Monday
  - she will be talking about using the `rtweet` package on Tuesday
  - still fixing exact date and time 
* coordinating with Justin and R meetup for types of events

### Other items
* first R meetup is after board meeting at 4pm - Justin will coordinate with Tyler
* Justin might do a condensed bootcamp using Carpentry R materials
* DSI board meetings are occurring in the UFII classroom at the same time
* Kristina is coordinating logo design
* intros for everyone
* Hacktoberfest - Hao will coordinate with groups for advertisement and an in-person event
* issues with advertising to the grad student listserv (timing and summer break week)
* 