
---
layout: single
title: "2020-01-14 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2020-01-14
excerpt: "Spring workshops, spring social, travel grants"
---
## Agenda
* Discuss New Workshops  
    * instructor training  
    * DC ecology  
    * DC geospatial  
    * Genomics  
* Discuss having another social at EPI before workshops start this semester
* Report on REC workshops and progress
* Dr. Michailidis and UFII collaboration/workshops
* Travel grants and awards
* Potential NEON collaboration

## Attendees
Board members: Eve Bohnett (chair), Brian Stucky (secretary), Vratika Chaudhary, Minghao Gong, Carla Mavian, Elise Morrison, Jenicca Poongavanan

Guests: Geraldine Klarenberg


## Minutes from last week's meeting
Approved!

## Spring workshops
* We still don't have enough information to schedule the instructor training.
    * Brian will contact Maneesha (again) and try to get a firm answer on a mid-March workshop.  March 9-10 might be the only option for us.
    * He will also contact Francois and Kari separate about availability.
* REC workshops
    * Geraldine and Jenicca are meeting with the IFAS dean on Thursday about workshop funding and goals.
    * Need to set location for REC workshop.
* Social sciences workshop
    * Formerly the ecology workshop.
    * Target February 10-11 for this one.
    * Will host at UFII.
* Geospatial workshop
    * We will target March 30-31.
    * Will host at UFII.
* Genomics workshop
    * Carla: Thinking of early April for this.
* Elise will confirm the UFII reservations for all workshop dates.

## Dr. Michailidis and UFII collaboration/workshops
* Have yet to schedule the postponed meeting for the spring.
* Geraldine will follow up on this.

## Travel grants and awards
* Jenicca and Vratika have been working on this.
* Planning on January 21 opening for applications, with deadline on February 4.
* Evaluation committee will make decision by February 28, results announced on March 1.
* Evaluation committee: Carla, Minghao, Elise

## Spring social(s)
* The informatics room is booked for January 29 from 11:30-1:30 for our spring social.
* Please print and post the announcement flyer.
* We will have a short slideshow running in the background during the social.  Depending on attendance, we could also deliver a short presentation from the slides.
* Eve found a Carpentries intro slide on the Web; she will convert it to a Google Slides presentation that we can collaboratively edit.
* Brian will draft an email announcement.

## Potential EPI social
* We'll see how the January social goes, then decide whether to host another at EPI.
* Elise: Rather than holding another social, we could investigate hosting a table at EPI or other events.  In terms of number of people we'd reach, that might be far more cost-efficient than hosting more socials.
* Carla: EPI has a "Research Day" on February 13 at the Union that could be a venue for this.
* Carla will contact EPI about hosting a table at EPI Research Day.

## Potential collaboration with NEON
* Felipe Sanchez, a fisheries masters student who works at NEON, contacted us about running a NEON workshop.
* Felipe is planning to attend our next board meeting, and we'll learn more then.

## Next board meeting
* Tuesday, January 28, 2:30 PM
* Vratika will be chair, Jenicca will be secretary.

