---
layout: single
title: "2018-12-11 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2018-12-11
excerpt: "Election tie decision, next semester workshops, waitlist management"
---

### Action items
* 

## Attendees
Board members: Hao, Brian, Joe, Gaurav, Kristina (remote)
Non-board members: Matt

## Agenda
* introductions
* approve last week's minutes
* vote on charter amendment to handle election ties
* status of website updates
* status of slack creation
* status of instructor training
* status of next semester workshops
  - fix date for February workshop
* status of off-site workshops program
* selection of new secretary
* other issues on coordination github
  - repo organization
  - waitlist management and sponsoring departments

## Notes
* Confirm that April is a possibility for instructor training with Maneesha (Kristina)
* Get a date and room settled with Flora for regular spring workshop (Brian)
* Set up a time to meet with IFAS contact (Simona & Geraldine)
* Meet with DSI president to coordinate activities (Joe)

### Last week's minutes
* Approved; most saw the PR for that

### Election ties amendment
* Initially couldn't vote for this because only five board members were present
* Geraldine sent an email to confirm a yes vote
* Rest of attendees (Hao, Brian, Joe, Gaurav, Kristina) also voted yes
* See [this PR](https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/website/pull/20/commits) for amendment language

### Website updates
* The website tabs have been consolidated

### Slack
* Everyone has been invited (except Matt)
* Keep announcing board meetings and elections on email
* All other discussion should be on Slack or GH issues

### Instructor training
* Maneesha is in touch with instructors, but likely won't confirm date until early January
* She asked to extend possible date range to April, which Kristina will confirm is acceptable

### Instructor trainer training
* This is a remote training to become a trainer of Carpentries instructors
* Starts in January
* Applications are due Dec 12
* See more [here](https://carpentries.org/blog/2018/11/trainer-applications/)

### Next semester workshops
* There's a lot more traffic on campus Monday and Wednesday according to the recent traffic assessment, so Thursday and Friday might be better
* Brian will contact Flora to reserve the Informatics room for Feb 7-8
* Geraldine is having meeting next week about EPI workshop with Taylor
* Simona was not present for off-site workshop discussion
* Simona and Geraldine will contact Jeanna M about setting up a Zoom meeting to get travel support for instructors for off-site workshops; hoping to get IFAS on board early; see [GH issue](https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/issues/71)

### Next meeting
* Will be Jan 8
* Brian offered to take over secretary position from Kristina for Jan 8 and 22 meetings
* Gaurav offered to do chair position after Hao's run is over, would be for Jan 22 and Feb 5

### GH organization 
* See [GH issue](https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/issues/68)

### Waitlist management
* Currently Matt has a Google doc where he retains people who contact him about workshops that are full. He doesn't tell people there's a waitlist until they contact him. If they don't sign up for the next workshop, he removes them from the list. 
* Departments have given us money, they're supposed to have some number of spots
* Open up registration to those departments early
* What to do if that takes up all the spots for a workshop
* Email that we have six slots, then get departments to fill them
* Get names, either use first six or use lottery, send registration link to each of them
* Need to keep track of who registers
* Workshop organizer does this
* Brian will draw a flow chart or diagram of this process

### Library internship
* Wait until Dan contacts

### Finances
* Matt has talked to Geraldine about budget, pretty solid
* Started to talk about club membership with Carpentries organization
* Will put budget into club repo, hopefully automate some of it in a script (is currently in Google spreadsheets)

### Other org coordination
* Joe with meet with new DSI president about coordinating with them
* Maybe not necessary to coordinate with any groups? Each group is fulfilling some demands of the campus
