---
layout: single
title: "2019-03-26 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2019-03-26
excerpt: "Instructor Training, EPI workshop, Travel Awards, Homestead Workshop"
---

# UF Carpentries Board Meeting, Mar 26, 2019

## Attendees
Chair: Joe
Secretary: Brian
Board Members: Hao, Gauarav, Elise, Geraldine, Simona (remote)
Non-board Members: Carla Mavian (rep. for EPI workshop)

## Agenda
  * Approve [previous meeting's minutes](https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/website/blob/master/_minutes/Board-2019-03-12.md)
	  * Approved.
  * Instructor training updates.
	  * Announcements sent, app. deadline was yesterday, should get apps by Thursday and evaluate the end of the week or weekend.
	  * Elise, Geraldine, and Brian will review the apps, Gaurav might also help.
  * EPI workshop updates.
	  * Hao: might not be enough time to implement priority registrations.
	  * Simona will send announcement to all sponsors, but there will not be any priority registration process.
	  * Flora will be able to send out the general announcement tomorrow.
  * We discussed priority registrations and arrived at this proposal for managing priority registrations in the future:
	  1. Set up workshop registration, and set registration cap at 1/2 capacity.
	  1. Distribute registration link to sponsors 1 week ahead of time.
	  1. After 1 week, set cap at full capacity and send out general registration announcements.
  * Update on IFAS meeting 3/15/19.
	  * Geraldine met with associate dean of research at IFAS, John Davis.
	  * Meeting was very positive, IFAS is interested in giving money, Davis needs to meet w/ dean for research Gilbert at IFAS to discuss giving options.
	  * Davis mentioned maybe doing something with the UFBI seminar in May (see later agenda item).
  * Status on logo design for April/May.
	  * Do we want to pay Gaurav's friend, Kim, for logo design ($400)?
	  * General consensus seemed to be that Elise's preliminary design is good.
	  * Elise agreed to continue working on her design.
  * Status on travel awards.
	  * Joe, Simona, and Elise will evaluate apps.
	  * We will offer 2 $500 awards.
	  * Aiming for announcement on April 15 (Monday after EPI workshop).
	  * Awards will be for any travel through the end of 2019.
  * Google and Twitter accounts.
	  * Gaurav has the password for the Google account.
	  * ufcarpentries@gmail.com will reach all board members.
	  * Hao has access to Twitter account.
	  * Alethea: Facebook might also be a good platform for outreach.
  * 3rd Annual Symposium: Collaborations in Biodiversity Research Workshop, Monday May 6, 2019.
	  * Pam Soltis inquired about the possibility of having UF carpentries run a 1- or 2-day workshop after the CBR event.
	  * UFBI would cover all workshop expenses.
	  * We all agreed that a 1-day workshop seems most appropriate here.
	  * Alethea: If UFBI is paying, she, Flora, and Hampton can take care of all food arrangements.
	  * We could do either a geospatial workshop or one of our more general workshops.
	  * Simona and Geraldine: A 1-day geospatial workshop would be difficult unless we can assume everyone already knows R.
	  * Brian will follow up with Pam.
  * Update on TREC workshop (discuss waitlist and/or priority spots)
	  * Simona: Should we contact sponsors about TREC workshops?  General consensus: yes.
	  * We can offer a travel grant for a Gainesville instructor to teach at the workshop.
	  * Workshop will be April 29-30 at Homestead.
  * ResBaz preliminary planning and coordination
	  * Tabled.
  * Long-term workshop schedule
	  * Tabled.

