---
layout: single
title: "2019-01-08 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2019-01-08
excerpt: "Planning February workshop, next instructor training, waitlist management"
---

## Attendees
Board members: Hao, Brian, Joe, Elise, Geraldine, Gaurav  
Non-board members: Matt  
Chair: Hao; Secretary: Brian


## Agenda
* approve old minutes (esp. amendment to handle election ties)
* logistics for Spring semester board meetings (date/time/location) + positions
* dates for February workshop
* proposed workflow for waitlist management (UF museum and WEC)
* dates for instructor training
  - determine criteria for instructor training applicants and publicize (https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/issues/14)
* review budget for Spring; schedule travel awards
* coordination with other groups (communication channels, and connections)
* off-site workshops planning
* website cleaning and updates
  - clip art for club charter box
  - describe finances and budget for the public
  - description and cross-linking to other groups at UF


## Notes

### Last week's minutes
* Approved.

### logistics for Spring semester board meetings (date/time/location) + positions
* Continue with 3:45 PM every other Tuesday.
* Gaurav will take over as chair for the next meeting, Brian will continue as secretary.

### dates for February workshop
* The workshop will be on February 11 and 12.
* Brian will confirm the dates with Flora.
* Hao will organize the workshop.
* Content: We'd like to do \*nix shell, git, data carpentry R lessons.
* Hao will check with Tracy to see if we can call this an official Carpentries workshop.

### proposed workflow for reservations and waitlist management (UF museum and WEC)
We decided on a detailed solution summarized in [this issue comment](https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/issues/60#issuecomment-452454842).

### dates for instructor training
* Instructor training will be on April 8 and 9, pending room availability.
* determine [criteria for instructor training applicants and publicize](https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/issues/14): we will discuss the rating criteria at the next board meeting.
* Geraldine, Elise, and Brian *might* co-organize the instructor training.
* Elise will contact Flora re: room availability.

### review budget for Spring; schedule travel awards
* Geraldine will meet with Matt to learn about budget management and processes; she will report back at the next meeting.

### coordination with other groups (communication channels, and connections)
* Joe is meeting this week with Vinay, the current president of DSI, and will report back next week.
* There is also a social sciences R group on campus.
* The goal here is to get a comprehensive list, with contact info, of all data science-oriented groups at UF.  We will work on this in a Github issue.

### off-site workshops planning
* Simona is planning a workshop at Homestead this semester.
* Geraldine will contact Gina (the IFAS vice president) about making off-site workshops a formal program and obtaining financial support from IFAS for UF Carpentries.

## Update on Emerging Pathogens Institute (EPI) workshop
* Geraldine gave a brief update after her meeting with the two organizers (Carla Mavini and Taylor Paisie).

### Next meeting
* Will be Jan 22.

