---
layout: single
title: "2019-04-16 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2019-04-16
excerpt: "Instructor training and EPI workshop debriefs, TREC and Biodiversity Research workshop, needs-based scholarships"
---

## Attendees
* Chair: Joe
* Secretary: Gaurav
* Board Members: Hao, Simona, Elise, Geraldine, Brian
* Non-board Members: Taylor Paisie, Alethea Geiger

## Agenda
1. Approve [last meeting's minutes](https://www.uf-carpentries.org/minutes/board-2019-03-26/)
2. [Instructor training](https://fmichonneau.github.io/2019-04-08-ttt-UF/) debrief
3. [EPI workshop](https://uf-carpentry.github.io/2019-04-11-ufepi-genomics/) debrief
4. @elisemorrison logo design
5. @josephaandreoli draft announcement and metrics on travel award applicant pool
6. [TREC Workshop](https://picardis.github.io/2019-04-29-uf-trec/)
7. [Biodiversity Research Workshop](https://uf-carpentry.github.io/2019-05-07_UFBI-IFAS_geospatial/)
8. Needs-based scholarship for workshop fees
9. Next meeting on April 30

## Notes
1. Approve [last meeting's minutes](https://www.uf-carpentries.org/minutes/board-2019-03-26/)
    - Approved
2. [Instructor training](https://fmichonneau.github.io/2019-04-08-ttt-UF/) debrief
    - Fewer people signed up than usual -- we let in everybody who applied.
        - Half to 2/3rd of the interest from last year
        - Maybe it didn't get to as many lists as it usually goes out on
            - Did we try the graduate student list? The postdoc list?
        - May also be confusion with the group code and retrieving the information from the Carpentries
            - However, nobody's contacted us and said that they registered but didn't hear from us, so we probably we didn't lose too many people that way.
            - Taylor reports that people in her lab were really confused, but she was able to help them fill it in.
            - We need to have the language exactly match what they need to fill in on the website.
            - Because of privacy restrictions, if you don't enter EXACTLY the correct code, they can't tell us who signed up.
            - They need a system where they can distribute a custom URL for each website, so nobody has to actually type it in.
                - It turns that you can do that with the `group=` option, e.g. <https://amy.carpentries.org/forms/request_training/?group=florida-april2019>
        - Maybe it's the time of the semester?
            - April or later is a problem, because people are preparing for finals. Should have been earlier in the semester.
    - Forgot to book breakout rooms
        - Always book the conference room, maybe some of the other classrooms as well
        - Would have been an issue if we'd been at capacity
    - More examples of live coding would have been nice
        - They don't seem to have shown the videos from Carpentries Workshops
    - Lots of people hadn't attended a Carpentries workshop before
        - Are we missing an advertising base -- are we sending an e-mail to prior attendees?
        - Maybe point workshop attendees to Facebook and Twitter to keep an eye for upcoming workshops/instructor training
    - Feedback from workshop
        - Stickies were taken away by Francois; Hao will bug him to let us have a copy
    - They filled out a post-event survey -- we should try to get those results as well
3. [EPI workshop](https://uf-carpentry.github.io/2019-04-11-ufepi-genomics/) debrief
    - They were full (in less than two days!) and had a pretty large waitlist
        - Should do this again in fall -- there seems to be a LOT of interest in this
    - HiperGator introduction was very off-topic, too much information and very advanced for where the students were
        - Could be done by a Carpentries instructor
        - But it was useful to have someone from HiperGator who could reset passwords and suchlike
    - Do not switch the lessons around
        - Recommend that instructors start by teaching the shell, then moving onto the cloud-based stuff
        - In this lesson, they tried doing the cloud-based stuff first, which confused people
    - Table/chair organization
        - Tables/chairs originally set up in a U-shape, which wasn't great. On day 2, they moved them into rows, which was much better.
4. @elisemorrison logo design
  - We'll have something to review probably before the next board meeting
  - Elise has 50-75 general Carpentries stickers in her office if anybody needs them
5. @josephaandreoli draft announcement and metrics on travel award applicant pool
    - Joe has been working on processing our list of people who qualify for our travel award
    - We're good with combining helpers and instructors when deciding "2+ contributors", and [Hao has updated the website](https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/website/pull/33/files) to reflect this.
    - Joe will look into what the list looks like with teachers who have taught two or more times rather than more than two times.
    - We can give awards to people who are no longer still at UF
    - We decided to do 2x500$ awards
    - We should anonymize it before reviewing them, with someone who is uninvolved in judging handling this process #TODO
        - Could this be handled by the google forms framework?
        - Also, on travel award page, fix "conference" with "travel"
        - Filed as an issue as [website#34](https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/website/issues/34).
6. [TREC Workshop](https://picardis.github.io/2019-04-29-uf-trec/)
    - 24 people registered for now
    - Glitch: some people registered without paying their fee!
        - Some of these may end up canceling rather than paying the fee
    - Instructors: Simona + labmates, also: Zach will show off a small (~15m) lesson on how to take the right plot for your data
        - So funds planned to travel from Gainesville can now be used from something else
7. [Biodiversity Research Workshop](https://uf-carpentry.github.io/2019-05-07_UFBI-IFAS_geospatial/)
    - We're good with instructors and helpers
    - Website has been set up; Flora has activated the registration link
    - Ready to send out announcement to prospective students (cap is 24)
    - How and if do we want to handle waitlist/priority registration?
        - UFBI is paying for the entire workshop, so registration is free and they get first notification
        - Since it's not a Carpentries event, it would be odd to count it as a priority workshop to our other sponsors
        - Since the symposium is open for everybody, we should have the same spirit for this symposium
    - Syllabus:
        - We don't expect them to know anything about geospatial data, but they should know something about R
8. Needs-based scholarship for workshop fees
    - How to fund students who can't afford a workshop?
    - Particularly valuable for instructor training
    - Might be a good use of club funds
        - You could think of it as paying for it out of the profits we make on each workshop
    - Sponsors might be interested in helping us fund a separate pot of money for this purpose
    - Maybe Carpentries have come across this before and have come up with a solution?
    - Filed as an issue as [Coordination#95](https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/issues/95)
9. Next meeting on April 30
    - Hao will be the next chair
    - Elise can be backup secretary if Gaurav can't make it
