---
layout: single
title: "2019-01-22 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2019-01-22
excerpt: "Planning for our next workshop and instructor training, report on budget and finances, planning off-site workshops."
---

### Action items
- Make corrections to prev board meetings ([done](https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/website/pull/27))
- ~~Come up with pre- and post-survey for Feb 11-12 workshop~~ (decision to use Software Carpentry R lesson)
- Transfer ownership of Google Docs to UF Carpentries Gmail account ([#77](https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/issues/77))
- Get prev waitlist from Matt and ask him to make someone else an owner ([#77](https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/issues/77))

## Attendees
Board members: Hao, Gaurav, Elise, Joe, Geraldine, Simona (remote), Kristina (remote)

## Agenda
- Approve prev minutes
- Planning for February 11-12 workshop
- Instructor training this April
- Report on budget and finances, particularly when and how many travel awards should be offered.
- Off-site workshops planning
    - Discuss request for informal R workshop at FAU
- Connections with other groups
- What to discuss with John Davis, associate dean for research, IFAS. Simona and Geraldine are meeting with him on 30 Jan.

## Notes

### Kristina stepped down from the board
- The Twitter account for UF Carpentries is currently under Kristina's e-mail address, could be changed to UF Carpentry's gmail address.
- Instructor training
- Gaurav to take over Coordination

### Last week's minutes
- Approved with two corrections: 
  - "Gina" should be spelled "Jeanna"
  - Update on Emerging Pathogens Institute (EPI) workshop should be mode detailed, e.g. "wanted to be involved in teaching themselves, want to look at current genomics curriculum to see what's relevant, R is not in genetics component; the R component isn't finalized, timing not worked out; want visualizations; at least 1 person who is certified (?), want small bit on HPC but no overlap with HPC workshops; don't seem to want to run it"

### Planning for February 11-12 workshop (Hao, Elise, Gaurav)
- [Website](https://uf-carpentry.github.io/2019-02-11-ufii/) now up.
- Schedule:
    - Monday morning (Shell) - Brian Stucky
    - Monday afternoon (R ecology, part I) - Ellen Bledsoe
    - Tuesday morning (R ecology, part II) - Joe Andreoli
    - Tuesday afternoon (Git) - Sasha Lavrentovich
    - Helpers: Philip Chase, Christine Swanson, Falcon Restrepo, Mariandreina Kostantinov, Nitya Singh, Eduardo Bongiolo (more for R, fewer for shell and Git)
- Bureaucratic hurdles with getting registration set up
- How is waitlist registration going (as per [#60](http://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/issues/60))?
    - Didn't hear back at all
    - Maybe contact graduate student coordinators?
    - Normal waitlist (expressed interest previously): where is it?
- This will not be an official Carpentries workshop, but will be a "Carpentries-Inspired" workshop.
    - because we're doing a hybrid structure so we miss out on both Data/SW sections.
    - Look into making the R section better?
    - We can't used their surveys -- we'll need our own
        - Maybe ask them about WEC affiliation etc.
    - They'll be unified eventually, but for now is fine
- Any needs?
    - Where should Git be in the workshop?
        - Too early: could be confusing or not context
        - Too late: people too tired to comprehend
            - Better than missing R stuff

### Instructor training this April 8-9 (Elise, Brian, Geraldine)
- Room is booked (8-5 on day 1, 8-4 on day 2)
- Fran√ßois and Amy Hodge are on board.
    - Amy will need travel arrangements
- Outstanding tasks:
    - Make website
    - Set up lunch and signups

### Report on budget and finances, particularly when and how many travel awards should be offered (Geraldine)
- Alethea sends us lists of transactions and we organize it by event
    - "Uncommitted Balance": cash on hand
    - "Projected Balance": how much cash on hand we expect to have
        - Includes upcoming workshop income
    - We have to pay for Amy's expenses to get to GNV -- so once that happens, we'll know how much is left for the travel grants
- Describe finances and budget for the public
    - Geraldine's next step
- Travel awards: Probably 2x$500 travel award will be possible

### Off-site workshops planning
- Update on outreach activities with IFAS
    - What to discuss with John Davis, associate dean for research, IFAS -- Geraldine and Simona meeting with him this week (Jan 30)
- Explain what the program is about, see if they're interested in funding us for travel:
    - From GNV to teach elsewhere in Florida
    - Or to fund travel for remote instructors to come to GNV to become certified
- IFAS is not one of our sponsors (we asked several organizations within IFAS), but maybe IFAS Extension might be worth discussing/asking?
    - Might need to talk to someone else about that
- Week of April 29 -- but end of semester? Should be fine.
- Take list of people who attended the Fort Lauderdale meeting.

### Connections with other groups
- Initial attempt at listing them is [on our wiki](https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/wiki/Related-organizations) but should be [moved to our website](https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/website/issues/26).
- DSI meetup tomorrow!
- Help with R-Gators meetups: meet every Tuesday during the semester from 4-5:30pm
- EPI: Geraldine meeting with them on Friday

### Discuss request for informal R workshop at FAU
- A student at FAU contacted Simona about organizing a workshop
- For non-sponsored institution, there is a fee, but we can put a workshop under our umbrella
- All they need is instructors.
    - Option 1: if organization can support it financially, they can do an official workshop.
    - Option 2: organize a workshop using materials, but don't call it a Carpentries workshop.
    - Option 3: some kind of arrangement with UF Carpentries Club hosting a workshop at a different location.
- If this is a frequently asked question, we might want to write this up for our website (#).

### Next meeting
- Feb 5, 2019 at 3:45pm to 5pm
