---
layout: single
title: "2019-02-05 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2019-02-05
excerpt: "Workshop planning, IFAS meeting, EPI workshop, Instructor training"

---
# UF Carpentries Board Meeting, Feb 5, 2019

## Attendees
Board members: Gaurav, Hao, Joe, Elise, Simona, Geraldine, Brian :tada: 
Non-board members: Sasha :balloon: 
Secretary: Elise :sunglasses: 
:blowfish: 

## Agenda
* Approve the previous minutes
* Quick updates
    * Planning for February workshop (Feb 11-12)
    * Instructor training (Apr 8-9)
    * Official confirmation of workshop completion
    * Update on digital assets
    * Participant data for 10-23 geospatial workshop (needed for up to date stats)
    * Start planning travel awards for Spring 2019
* Process for workshop waitlist / early registration
    * To discuss later
* March or April workshop to round out activities?
* ResBaz 2019 planning
* Report back from meeting with IFAS Dean (Simona and Geraldine)
* EPI Genomics workshop in April, after instructor training (Geraldine)
* Determine and publish criteria for instructor training (UF-Carpentry/Coordination#14)
* Any other business

## Notes
### Approve the previous minutes
* https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/website/pull/28
    * Gaurav will annoy people about it if it doesn't happen quickly
### Quick updates
* Planning for February workshop (Feb 11-12)
    * Notice on Twitter (Hao) :white_check_mark: 
* Instructor training (Apr 8-9)
    * Elise, Geraldine, Brian
* Official confirmation of workshop completion
    * ~~Eleni's Letter of Attendance~~
* Update on digital assets
    * Shared e-mail address for common resources (e.g. Twitter account?)
* Participant data for 10-23 geospatial workshop (needed for up to date stats)
    * Currently still done by hand
    * Be more specific about data that we need for the registration system
* https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/issues/80
* Start planning travel awards for Spring 2019
    * when do we want announcements to go out?
    * should be used for summer conference travel, should announce soon?
    * Board decides the timeline for these grants to be used
    * After Feb. workshop, send out announcements
    * Joe, Simona, Elise will be judges this year


### Feb. Workshop
* Send out tweet: has Twitter been set up on carpentries gmail?
    *  Follow up with Christina
    *  Hao will tweet re: workshop
* Teachers will plan to meet before workshop to discuss
* Helpers confirmed
* As of 2/4 am, 16 attendees confirmed, 2 survey responses
* Surveys all set up, catering etc. all ready to go
* Mention instructor training at end of workshop

### Instructor Training 
* Amy Hodge has booked tickets in touch with Alethea about reimbursements and Flora for receipts
* AC hotel instead of Holiday Inn - do they have shuttle to/from airport?
* Geraldine will check with Alethea about local travel expenses for Francois

### Update on digital assets
* What is the plan for the shared email address/Google Drive?
    * Should use as point of contact, link to other accounts (Twitter, etc.)
    * Use as "board email"
    * Gaurav will help with this

### March or April workshop to round out activities?
* current list for 2018-2019 is:
    * 10-04 one day workshop (iDigBio)
    * 10-23 geospatial
    * 02-11 software carpentry \(R\)
    * 04-08 instructor training
    * 04-11 EPI workshop (data carpentry genomics?)
    * week of May 6 (IFAS symposium)

### ResBaz 2019 planning
* Need to start planning early
* start planning beginning of summer semester, May
* PR start a month before the event

### Report back from meeting with IFAS Dean (Simona and Geraldine)
* Dean willing to support for off-campus programs (RECs)
* asked about membership, offered to cover membership
* Asked for a budget 
* Simona and Geraldine will put together a budget for board to approve next mtg
* Waiting on more information from Dean re: students/faculty etc.
* Possibly geospatial workshop post-IFAS symposium
* Asked about number of people/affiliations who have done instructor training with us 

### EPI Genomics workshop in April, after instructor training (Geraldine)
* https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/issues/72
* dates decided on are April 11th-12th (they want to do it after instructor training because they expect a few of them - Carla and Taylor - to become instructors)
* contacts: Taylor Paisie, Carla Mavini
* we're talking to Alethea and Flora to organize registration and lunch etc, but we won't put it "out there" until the Feb workshop is done
* Naupaka Zimmerman is working on the R curriculum (https://github.com/naupaka/R-genomics-in-development?)
* Try to have someone from HPC instead of Amazon Cloud Computing section
* Officially a carpentries workshop, have space for 25 people
* Going through Flora/Alethea, will need to organize helpers, possibly a couple of instructors
* Will be held at EPI
* Could ask EPI for help with membership funding

### Determine and publish criteria for instructor training (UF-Carpentry/Coordination#14)
* Previous scoring:
    * Department not in wordcloud or location not Gainesville (1-3)
    * Previous Carpentries or meetup involvement (1-3)
    * Likely to teach guesstimate (1-3)
    * On waitlist (1-3)
* Previous questions:
    * Not in Google Docs?
    * Link to old blog post, used Carpentries application: http://www.r-gators.com/2018/02/09/carpentry-instructor/
    * Carpentries app: https://amy.software-carpentry.org/forms/request_training/
* What questions should we ask?
    * Should be brief and to the point.
* Last time: lots of variance among board members' scores
* Should people who have taken carpentries courses get scored higher?
* Criterion: you are expected to teach a course
* Primary criterion: likelihood to teach in the future
    * Fine if people are interested in learning how to teach
    * 70% likelihood to teach, 30% diversity (of protected classes? Diversity of departments?)
    * Organizers take it from here or delegate it
* Organization committee will take care of judging applications
* Plan to send out announcement in Feb.

### Process for workshop waitlist / early registration
* Cogitate and discuss in future meeting
* Need longer term plan for workshop schedule, notify Depts. earlier
* Could the registration system be more sophisticated? (could it *be* any worse?)
* Set up pre-registration system before UF's registration system?

### Any other business
* Chair next week: Elise
* Secretary next week: Joe
