---
layout: single
title: "2018-08-28 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2018-08-28
excerpt: "Election planning, workshop planning, Fall coordination"
---

## Attendees
Joe Andreoli, Miao, Justin, Brian, Dan Maxwell, Hao, Simona (remote), David Jennings (remote)

## Agenda
- ResBaz and Workshop debriefs
- Board elections
- logistics for 1-day October 4 workshop
- logistics for October 23-24 workshop
- coordination with other groups (e.g. libraries, DSI, R-gators, R-ladies)
- miscellaneous website updates

## Notes

### ResBaz and workshop debrief

* it happened
* workshops and mini-tutorials appeared to be useful good for attendees
* documented hiccups in advertising
  - need better coordination of helpers (make sure there are sufficient helpers present for each workshop segment)
* possible problem: no assigned time slots?
* when recruiting, maybe we can ask for hard commitments in advance of doing full announcement of workshops? (more complicated timing, especially with choosing lessons)
* several students showed up for the Python workshop (someone told them that it was free?) - we think they were from ECE, possible confusion around free ResBaz events?

### (Tangential) discussion about teaching pathways

* should teaching a workshop be a requirement for completing instructor training?
* people might be more comfortable if they felt involved in local community
* can we encourage involvement this way?
* be more explicit about timing commitments for helpers and instructors
* (Joe) personal experience:
  - felt comfortable as a helper, especially when familiar with the instructor personally
  - higher barrier to commit to instructing

* decisions:
  - ask for commitments for future instructor training
  - provide additional opportunities for people to practice teaching (could be done in collaboration with other local groups)

### Elections

* are there term limits? no
* we need better messaging about who can serve on the board and board duties and benefits
  - it would be nice to have some separation between core instructor group and board members
* board positions will rotate in the Fall, with new board after elections?

* action items:
  - Hao will work on reminder messages, encourage involvement with board
  
### 1-day (October 4) workshop

* currently appears to be 3 instructors and 3 helpers (maybe sufficient, some commitments are conditional on lesson content)
* Matt might want to teach the geospatial lessons (are they ready?)

* action items:
  - confirm lesson content and instructor and helper commitments (Matt)
  
### October 23-24 workshop

* why are we doing this? is one of our Fall workshops
* need a host and organizer

* action items:
  - Justin will host and organize
  - decide on logistics for handling priority registration
  
### Coordination with other groups

* Melissa Rethlefsen (director of UF health science center libraries) would like to be more deeply involved with ResBaz like events
  - coordination is possible, establish a work agenda for a meeting for future meeting
* library internship (10hrs / wk, $15 / hr, 1 or 2 semesters)
  - Dan Maxwell is looking for a faculty partner (external to library) and project plan to pitch to the libraries to secure funding (could be lesson development)
  - plan also needs to include mentoring plan stuff for the intern
* R-gators 
  - no concrete plans yet, but UFII classroom is reserved for Tuesdays 4 - 530pm
  - may do a help desk?
  - thinking of letting R Gainesville and R Ladies handle more of the lesson-style content
  - coordinating a bootcamp of sorts for the content of the R ecology lessons
* UF DSI
  - current president (Tyler Richards) wants to pursue an informal meetup
  - possible opportunity to work together
  - library is interested and can contribute funds for food, drinks, etc.
* R-Ladies
  - Punam and Geraldine not present

* action items:
  - follow up with UF DSI (Justin)
  - follow up with Dan Maxwell about the library internship
  - follow up with Melissa Rethlefsen about future ResBaz coordination (can be tabled for 2019, probably)
  - maybe invite some members of these groups to a specific board meeting, once a semester?
  
### Website updates

* better info about the club and elections now
* some blog posts have added content

* action items:
  - could use a splashier landing page, possible template for the current website theme
  - logo for UF Carpentries