---
layout: single
title: "2021-06-08 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2021-06-08
excerpt: "Travel grant awards; Workshops; elections"
---

UF Carpentries Meeting Minutes
===

###### tags: `UF Carpentries` `Meeting`

:::info
- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** June 08, 2021 10:00 AM (ET)
- **Agenda**
    
    1. Introductions
    2. Approve minutes from 5/25/21 board meeting
    3. Travel Grant Applications
    4. Library Workshop for Fall Discussion w/Hao
    5. Genomics Workshops for Summer
    6. Preparation for 2021-2022 Elections
    

- **Participants:**
    - Brandon, Trista, Narayani, Max, Audrey, Brian, Amobi, Ryan Mears, Hao ye
- **Meeting Chair:** Trista
- **Meeting Secretary:** Max

:::
## Notes 
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->
### Approve meeting minutes for May 25 Board Meeting
- Approved by board majority

### Travel Grant Applications & Funds
- Only one grant application was submitted; also, registrations for many incoming workshops are not open yet, or opening this week. This includes the applicant's workshop. Audrey is in contact with her.
- The funds we make available cannot be rolled over to next year.
- Applications to close June, Thu 10
- Remainder funds to be spent on Data Carpentry T-shirts to identify instructors during future in-person workshops
- T-shirts should be ordered by Monday; Brian to look for the logo picture in the right format for printing on t-shirts; Hao sent a link to formats
- Audrey to get quotes for the purchase
- 
### Library Workshop for Fall Discussion w/Hao

- Hao introducing library workshop, and discussing R vs sql
- September could be a good time for the workshop
- Practicalities of the workshop, such as place and availability of computers and rooms, to be further discussed, as it will likely be an in-person workshop
-  

### Genomics Workshops for Summer
- Workshop to be held on June 24-25 (Thu-Fri)
- Max to be one of the instructor; waiting for confirmation from another two peopel who previously gave availability to be instructors as well.
- Narayani to be a helper or instructor (to be confirmed); also is going to help with registration process
- Audrey can be a helper on Friday only
- Vijay to be a helper; also to take care of the github page
- Considering this is a total beginner intro, most issues are expected to rise from Linux syntax issues; as per Brandon's suggestion, registration to be capped at 30-35 max trainees
- Registration to be made public next week
- Instructors' meeting to be held possibly this Friday morning; Max to send email out


### Preparation for 2021-2022 Elections
- Elections to be held around end of August
- Brandon proposed to postpone the later in the fall (September), to use in-person meetings/workshops to recruit new members
- Following Brandon's observations, elections probably to be moved to around September 14
- Previously discussed positions to be advertized so people can be candidates to specific positions

### Furtehr points to be discussed during the next meeting:
- NA

### Positions for next meeting:
- Next meeting: June 22, 2021
- Meeting Chair: Audrey
- Meeting Secretary: Narayani 


