---
layout: single
title: "2018-11-27 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2018-11-27
excerpt: "Spring semester workshops, board elections, board positions"
---

### Action items
* Condense tabs on website (Hao & Gaurav)
* Write travel awards blog and send to Hao & Gaurav (Joe)
* Get in touch with Taylor about genomics workshop (Geraldine)
* Get in touch with The Carpentries about dates and trainer for Instructor Training (Kristina)
* Decide between Data and Software Carpentry R materials for spring workshop (everyone)
* Get a date for the R workshop scheduled with Flora (Brian)
* Write up the decision about ties as a proposed charter amendment (Gaurav)
* Create Slack channel (Simona)

## Attendees
Board members: Brian, Elise, Joe, Geraldine, Gaurav (remote), Hao (remote), Simona (remote), Kristina (remote)

## Agenda
* Introductions
* Approve last weekâ€™s minutes
* Next semester workshops - preferably set dates
* Decide on how to deal with election ties [I will send a poll Monday morning]
* Treasurer and Communications position
* Set up a Slack
* Miscellaneous 
* Next meeting

## Notes

### Last week's minutes
* Were approved

### Travel awards
* Joe in process of getting info from award recipients
* Make a very simple blog post with this info
* Will go up on website once the tabs have been changed
* Likely will not discuss travel awards until January, when we have update of club's financial status

### Next semester workshops
* Instructor training
* Genomics workshop, will it happen at EPI? 
* Regular workshop on R
* Social sciences workshop as potential for fall semester
* Off-campus TREC workshop (organized by Simona & Zach Brym) will be end of March-ish

### Board election ties
* Poll: 
	* Most votes went to let all ties on board
	* Second was ranked choice voting only using ranks if necessary
* Agreeing to propose amendment to do let all ties on using 9 people maximum as cut-off
* If exceed 9 total with all ties, let the board who has to deal with that deal with it
* We will need to vote on this proposal to change the charter

### New positions
* Treasurer
	* Information from Matt [here](https://github.com/uf-carpentry/coordination/wiki/Tracking-the-Budget)
	* Geraldine will do the position
	* Person in this position is exempt from secretary and chair roles for the duration
* Communications
	* Kristina was chosen unanimously
	* She will have to define the role
	* Gaurav is willing to take over if necessary at some point

### Slack account
* We all agreed on using a Slack account
* Will primarily be for the board
* Could potentially include instructors, maybe allow entire UF community later on
* Need invitation to be added
* All board members will be admins

### Meeting schedule
* Next meeting is Dec 11
* Following meeting won't be until Jan 8
* Hao will be chair for those two meetings
* Kristina is secretary for next meeting, will have to choose next secretary then
