---
layout: single
title: "2022-07-11 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2022-07-11
excerpt: "July 2022 Meeting"
---

###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`

## Meeting Info

- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** July 11, 2022 11:00 AM (EST)
- **Agenda**
1. Introductions
2. Approval of June 13 Board Meeting minutes
3. Finalize Fall workshop schedule, type (remote vs hybrid), and organizers
4. Discuss format & delegate organizers for Fall 2022 meet-and-greet
5. Delegate announcements of upcoming events (meet-and-greet, workshops)
6. Discuss and reject or approve changes to governance documents (in gov-edit-pitch branch)
7. Update on IFAS Report
8. Any other business

- **Participants:**
    - Amanda Markee, Cory Brunson, Caitlin Campbell, Flora Marynak, Dellena Bloom, Aida Miro-Herrans
    - **Meeting Chair:** Cory
    - **Meeting Secretary:** Caitlin

## Notes
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

### Fall schedule
#### Meet and greet
* Scheduling the fall meet and greet for the first full week of classes.
* __September 2nd 11:30-1__. Will allocate 1.5hrs of time.
* Coordinators will make sure reservations are done, draft agenda, organize the room. 
* Dellena will take the lead organizing, Audrey is available to co-organize, with assistance from Flora and board members.
#### ‘Data analysis and visualization in R for ecologists’ course will be offered in late September (first month of classes)
* __September 19-20__ (or 21 if we run it for 3 days). Dellena and Caitlin will be co-organizers
* Discussion of pros and cons of online vs. in-person for both upcoming workshops. Decided to defer to organizer preferences. This workshop will be held remotely.
* Should we cap attendance? Yes, and emphasize that everyone signing up for a seat should know that they should only take the space if they can attend the whole course. High cap, though– will decide in the future depending on interest and helper availability
#### Libraries Carpentries workshop
* early November, will be centrally-organized
#### Genomics workshop
* Aida will plan to co-organize a workshop in October
* Will be run in Linux, maybe some Git
* Cory and Aida will chat further about curriculum and host (AWS v HyperGator), will loop Flora into this conversation
#### Coordination
* Coordinators will have responsibility for both coordinating with Flora and for sending announcements to sponsors.
* Goal– have format (in person v. virtual) decided for all workshops before the beginning of the semester. 
* Wait a few weeks for the Genomics workshop, some existing trainings are very long or intensive. Can coordinate the timing of the Carpentries workshops. 

### Discuss and reject or approve changes to governance documents (in gov-edit-pitch branch)

* Cory has proposed changes to the website: https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/website/compare/master...gov-edit-pitch
* Any changes can be proposed by email or GitHub, will otherwise go live in a few days

### IFAS update – will check back in with Audrey on the next meeting

* Instructor training, travel grants for next year
* Bring up by email to discuss prior to next meeting. Need to check in with annual budget details when they are finalized.
* Student travel grants, also flagged to talk about next meeting / via email.

### Any other business
No other business items were raised.

### Notes for next meeting
Cory will Chair, Audrey will act as Secretary. The next meeting is tentatively scheduled in same time, four weeks from now, date TBD by Cory
