---
layout: single
title: "2018-10-30 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2018-10-30
excerpt: "Travel awards, off-site workshops, board positions"
---

## Attendees
Board members: Brian, Joe, Gauruv, Geraldine, Elise, Simona (remote), Kristina (remote)
Other attendees: Matt (data manager in Simona's lab), Falcon (Dept. of Spanish/Portuguese studies at UF), Eduardo (Forestry, UF), Taylor (EPI)

## Agenda
* Introduce any new participants
* Report/discussion of R geospatial workshop (will likely defer most/all of this to the following meeting)
* Update on travel awards
* Potential workshop at FIU
* Off-site workshop program
* Plan for board positions (chair, secretary, etc.), including documentation
* Elections procedure: how to deal with (or prevent) ties
* Assign chair position

## Notes

### Introductions

### October 23-24 geospatial workshop report
* (tabled)

### Update on travel awards
* Travel award applications independently scored by Joe, Brian, Gauruv
* Scoring rubric is a shared Google doc
* Had 3 applicants, could award 2
* One recipient had to decline award, discussed options for how to proceed
* Board in agreement to offer award to the next best-scored application
* In the rubric, will update to include a rule for how to proceed if someone declines the award
* Gauruv will edit and upload the rubric to the wiki site

### Potential FIU workshop
* Simona is in contact with someone who want to have a workshop at FIU
* Simona's organizing workshop in Homestead, FIU could possibly send people to this workshop
* We need to get more details about their level of support, if they're interested in attending the Homestead workshop, how many people they will send
* Simona will open a GitHub issue to discuss this

### Off-site workshop program
* Board is interested in promoting a routine off-site workshop program for Research and Education Centers (REC)
* One rotation at each REC, at least one a year
* Could make it an official UF carpentries sponsored programs
* Give people at RECs enough of a chance to take one while they're at the station, also extend to agencies, professionals
* Interest in more advanced workshops as well

### Board positions
* Which positions do we need to have? How will we assign people to these positions? How often do positions switch?
* Official positions: Chair, Secretary, Treasurer
* Discussion of also including a Communications position to be responsible for Twitter, email, website updates, which should also be a year-long position
* Discussion that treasurer should be a year-long role, can excuse his/herself from rotating through other roles
* Chair and secretary are logistical positions, easy to make a checklist and hand it off to the next person
* Chair and secretary rotate every two meeting cycles, but will be staggered, only one position will switch per meeting
* GitHub issues will be created for the Treasurer and Communications positions
* Brian will ask Matt for documentation of the treasurer position

### Non-agenda item: EPI genomics workshop
* Taylor brought up that EPI is interested in a workshop relating to genomics/phylogenetics
* Lessons are made by the carpentries, so we can’t add in phylogenetics lessons, but if people want to add in material, we can work it in
* If they don’t care that it’s called a carpentry workshop, then there is more leeway, but it could work as a carpentry workshop
* Taylor will go over genomics lesson, and will come up with suggestions of ways to modify the lesson
* Should discuss more thoroughly in another meeting

### Non-agenda item: Slack group
* Kristina wants to create a slack group for carpentries board
* If we want it to work, everyone on the board should commit to it
* Could keep github as the public forum, but use slack as a private forum
* something for everyone to consider for next meeting 
* add to agenda next meeting

### Voting Ties for Elections
* (tabled)

### Action items
* Gauruv will edit and upload the travel award rubric to the wiki site
* Simona will open a GitHub issue to discuss FIU workshop
* Follow up with EPI genomics workshop
* GitHub issues will be created for the Treasurer and Communications positions
* Brian will ask Matt for documentation of the treasurer position
* Add slack group to next meeting agenda
* Geraldine will be chair next meeting, Elise will be secretary
