---
layout: single
title: "2018-07-17 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2018-07-17
excerpt: "Renewal Funding, R-Ladies, and Research Bazaar"
---

## Attendees
Simona (remote), Kristina (remote), Hao (remote), Matt, Miao, Brian, Punam

## Agenda
* funding recruitment
* starting an R-Ladies chapter
* Research bazaar in August

## Notes

### Funding for Membership Renewal

* Ethan White, iDigBio, UFBI are all contributing 1/4 each ($3750) for next year
* not yet heard back from UFII
* library would probably provide funding support, but in the form of a paid position to do workshop-y things, not cash for renewal (
* Florida museum is interested, waiting to schedule a meeting (Matt)
* Hao, Kristina, Simona have contacted WEC, waiting to hear back, Hao will follow up
* Brian has contacted the Biology department, Punam will follow up with Marta Wayne (department chair)
* waiting to hear from Justin about contacting IFAS
* Simona's lab is interested in getting more involved, may 

### R-Ladies chapter

* Punam and Geraldine would like to start an R-Ladies chapter for Gainesville
* kick-off at ResBaz event
* how does R-Ladies fit in with the existing groups at UF?
* possibile activities: seminars, networking
* R-Ladies is an inclusive effort to give underrepresent groups have a voice, no specific aim or mission to do e.g. education, data science, etc.
* survey will be sent out to see what people are interested in
* UF DSI is interested in helping people find jobs, e.g. networking with industry, etc.

### Current status of UF Carpentry Club Budget

* we have $2600, currently
  - $500 of it is set aside for the next travel award
  - $2100 can be spent by us

### Research bazaar
* invite local speakers; possibilities
  - UFII / UFBI / Libraries
  - Students, Non-academic groups (R-Ladies, DSI, UF Carpentry Club)
* other possibilities for funding (??)
* what workshops to offer?
  - Git
  - Reproducible Research
  
* tentative schedule:

| Wednesday | Thursday | Friday |
|-----------|----------|--------|
| Python and R <br>Carpentry <br>Workshops | Python and R <br>Carpentry <br>Workshops | Plenery Talks <br> UFII / UFBI / Library <br>Student Groups|
| Lunch | Lunch | Lunch |
| Python and R <br>Carpentry <br>Workshops | Python and R <br>Carpentry <br>Workshops | Career Panel |
| Python and R <br>Carpentry <br>Workshops | Python and R <br>Carpentry <br>Workshops | Mini-Tutorials |
| ... | ... | Social |

* Hao will coordinate organization of events

### Next Meeting
* July 31 3pm

### Action Items
* follow up with WEC (Hao, Kristina, Simona)
* follow up with IFAS (Justin?)
* follow up with Biology (Punam)
* follow up with Museum (Matt)
* coordination emails for ResBaz (Hao)
