---
layout: single
title: "2020-04-14 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2020-04-14
excerpt: "Geospatial/NEON workshop, REC workshop"
---
## Agenda


* Approve minutes from the last meeting:

https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/website/blob/master/_minutes/Board-2020-03-31.md

* Geospatial meets NEON workshop 5/18 & 5/19 - free -12 participants
    * registration "pre-workshop survey" link to add to the website
    * online instructors call
    * department listserv document (Everyone put the department contacts for one person to push to) https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AyEg5_xJrdbIr1LF0aaSCUcHBKNFVlw0Yqf-TPo8fDk/edit

* REC workshop survey
    * online workshops for REC can get members from all RECs or we can still choose one REC.
* updated survey per Brian's edits
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1za7FX0FxjBpj7FqEZ1zwEK1dy_Snv84LgPZ87GPkBVo/edit

## Notes

* Attendees: Eve (chair), Brian, Jenicca, Vratika, Elise (secretary), Alethea

### Meeting minutes
* Meeting minutes approved from last meeting

### Geospatial/NEON workshop
* Pre-workshop survey
* RSVP registration on website, set up a cap on the registration link: Alethea will set up the registration on the website
    * will put the pre-workshop survey on the workshop website, and we will also email the link to the participants before the workshop
    * will also give participants time at the first break to 
* No need to use DOCE, Alethea will set up registration (described above)
* Instructors: Eve, Felipe are confirmed, will email to source other instructors
    * Vratika will be an instructor if we need another instructor
    * If we do an instructor call, ask people if they have done online teaching before
    * 
* will we use breakout rooms?
    * host may have trouble going from room to room
    * one core instructor acts as host, other instructors as TAs, each assigned to a breakout room
    * have one helper assigned to a breakout room, certain attendees assigned to each breakout room/helper
    * do a trial run for the workshop
    * have multiple breakout rooms, multiple people assigned to the breakout rooms, have one moderator...we need to assign one person to be the moderator
    * Can also pass the host role around, or can make people co-hosts
    * Need to find a time that works with the host, helpers, and instructors to test this system
* are we following conventional structure for breaks?
    * yes, we will have breaks just like a regular workshop
    * also allowed for Q&A period in their schedule
* Instructors: need 4 instructors, 1-2 moderator/helpers, 2-3 helpers per session (with 4 students/breakout room)
    * moderator could be a helper
* Do we want to schedule a meeting in the next few days to test out the implementation of this? Sure, let's plan to meet
    * Brian, Eve, Vratika, Elise
* could we make it very interactive to make people participate more? 
    * could people submit their exercise code to the helpers?
    * maybe the breakout rooms would be the best way to encourage people to work on the assignments
    * could each breakout room come up with their own solution, then come back to the whole group and one representative shares their screen/coding solution
* Do we want to use RStudio cloud? 
    * useful to have people use RStudio on their machines
    * Eve will look into how RStudio cloud might work a bit more
* Have doc with listserves that we would like to use for the announcement:
    * Listserves https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1biGPuha3Xj_pZJG6BHRtYpOIxdGrnLlPkrAbFhwwS0Y/edit#gid=0
    * Templates for workshop announcements
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S-lQK6Ks-FAw5z3YZJr_qU4MTSDq39-yiAupyuepTBM/edit#heading=h.7amsi3dy9zpu


### REC workshop
* Do we want to wait to see what the environment is like for Summer/Fall? We should probably plan for online version, UF will be limiting housing in the summer, summer courses are online
* DC Ecology for the REC program, or do we want something more advanced?
    * could use freely available tutorials for more advanced lessons
* Do we want to settle on a date and then send out announcement on their listserves?
    * Shifted semester schedule
    * June would be a better option
    * June 15/16, June 22/23
* Jenicca sent out email inquiring if RECs want an online workshop, still waiting to hear back
    * Jenicca will follow up with them to see what they would like re: content and dates




