---
layout: single
title: "2019-05-14 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2019-05-14
excerpt: "REC workshops, Membership renewal, Logo"
---

## Attendees
Board members: Brian, Joe, Elise, Gaurav, Geraldine, Simona

Non-board members: Zachary Brym

## Agenda

* Approve last week's minutes -- UF-Carpentry/website#39
* TREC workshop debrief
* Discuss long-term plan for REC program
* Logo design updates
* Travel award updates
* Biodiversity 1-day geospatial debrief
* ResBaz planning updates
* USDA machine learning workshop #99
* Planning for Carpentries membership renewal
    * request amount + incentives
    * draft message
    * who to ask
    * update on IFAS funding
* Draft plan for need-based scholarship / fee reduction
* Draft social media / website guidelines


## Notes
* Approve last week's minutes:
    * Last week's minutes approved
    * How do we want to approve minutes:
        * Pull request versus just pushing notes to website before approval
        * Board Decided: push to website prior to approval
    
* TREC workshop debrief
    * No issues, people still need to send in results from post-workshop survey
    * Zach: well-attended, post early to RECs, 
        * There were some grad students that found out about it too late
        * Prioritize folks in area?
        * Some grad students had mobility issues
        * Location-specific challenges with catering,etc. 
        * Set a procedure for location-specific organizing
        * On checklist: when at REC, check local catering/set up    

* Future plans with REC workshops
    * Simona won't be around, but would like to see it continue
    * Goal of one workshop per year
    * Simona and Zach propose that it doesn't become centralized (i.e. not run by board members on non-main campus)
    * Geraldine suggests make running the REC program is the external (non-main campus) board member's responsibility
    * Other person who runs REC workshops has to be on the board
    * Need to find avenues for communicating with RECs
    * Change "external" board member title to "REC representative, etc"
    * Get someone from IFAS to sit in on board meetings?
    * Zach would like his group to help with this
        * He hasn't found a student to take on the role at the moment
        * He can help be a point of contact for prospective candidates
    * The south Florida group would be different than the other RECs
    * North Florida REC would serve different role, try to expand for both North and Southern RECs
    * Involvement could be a requirement for the recipient of the REC scholarship
    * Think about how to advertise this, how we want to structure this
 
* Logo design updates
    * Joe wants to see a blue border around the nut in the alligator's mouth: will message Hao to see if he can modify this
    * Elise doesn't have the contact information for the person in charge of the UF guidelines, will track it down and ask for approval
        * UF promotional logos: are subject to UF review
    * Do we want to contact carpentries? Gaurav followed up with the old carpentries logo issue
        * https://github.com/carpentries/logo/issues/2
        * "Trademark: “The Carpentries”, “Software Carpentry”, “Data Carpentry”, and “Library Carpentry” and their respective logos are registered trademarks of Community Initiatives." -- https://docs.carpentries.org/LICENSE.html
    * Once UF approves the logo design, we'll place sticker order (more than 100 stickers, which was our last order for carpentries stickers)

* Travel award updates
    * Ellen Bledsoe was awarded the travel award
    * She has been approved for the conference, is in contact with Alethea for reimbursements, etc.

* Biodiversity 1-day geospatial debrief
    * Went well, but there were no registration fees
    * UFBI paid for all expenses
    * About 10 days before workshop, Brian emailed to have ppl confirm that they'll attend
        * All but 4 people replied, Brian followed up with them
        * Three cancellations, but filled in cancellations with waitlist
        * Full house
    * For future free workshops, shouldn't be concerned about low attendance 
    * Issues with people getting setup 
    * Covered most of the material, didn't have issues during teaching
    * Timing was good
    * 3 instructors, should follow the same structure for future workshops
    * 1/3 said it was too fast, 1/3 said it was too slow, 1/3 said perfect timing
    * Good location but hassle for Alethea and Flora
    * How might the location work during the semester
        * Good alternative space


* ResBaz planning updates
    * Documents in Google Drive: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1EYnH0W2aI-8bWdzSkOpi9t1Al-Ee6cJj?usp=sharing
    * In-person meeting will be scheduled (based on Hao's whenisgood poll)
    * Hao will send out email to groups that may want to get involved
    * Elise and Joe are helping organize as well

* USDA machine learning workshop #99
    * https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/issues/99
    * Keep track of github discussion
    * Up to Adam Rivers to decide on curriculum and timing
    * Seems to be a lot of interest on github
    * Probably covered with instructors (USDA)
    * Will likely lean on us for logistics if UF hosts
    * 20-30 USDA attendees, depending on resources, could be open to UF students
    * Message has been sent out, discussion on github
    * Adam open to co-creators, co-instructors, or mentors/helpers

* Planning for Carpentries membership renewal
    * update on IFAS funding
        * Geraldine hasn't heard anything back yet; Dean said he would get us ffunds before the end of the financial year
        * Pam said UFBI will also support with same amount as last year
        * Alethea said UFII will also likely go for the $3750
        * BEBR: potential funder 
    * request amount + incentives
        * dean indicated that could go for $5k 
            * make sure we're clear with what donors will get 
        * Pam interested in UFBI/IFAS symposium next year: could be an incentive to do this annual workshop
    * draft message
        * Still have the one we sent to WEC last year, work off of this
        * Simona will put this on Google Drive
    * who to ask
        * Ask whoever supported us last year, to keep people involved
    * deadline: mid-August
    * Incentives for donors:
        * open 50% of seats for those departments
        * won't need a lot of modifications to current system
        * the approach from Spring 2019 wasn't streamlined
        * As is: 6 seats per sponsor for any workshop
        * Brainstorm this meeting, decide next meeting
    * if we go over, could maintain balance for next year
    * 2018/2019 Financial sponsors worksheet is up to date, Alethea has been updating, good to work off of this one, includes contacts


* Draft plan for need-based scholarship / fee reduction
    * Especially for instructor training workshop, a lot of new instructors were concerned about the fees being a barrier to entry
    * We don't know how many people are actually put off by the fee (at least one!)
    * Need to be clear, careful about announcing
    * Difficult in determining need
    * Can we offer a lower fee?
        * General fee reduction could be difficult to implement
        * Catering costs are going up!
    * Another option: "Please let us know if you can't attend because of the student fee." -- with NO promises, just to gather numbers on how many people can't attend workshops because of the fees
        * Or: "What would you be willing to pay for a workshop like this?"
        * Maybe do this through an anonymous survey?
        * That way, we will know what the scale of the problem is.
      
* Draft social media / website guidelines
    * Gaurav didn't have time, but will have something out by Thursday

## Action items
* Simona put old donor email on Google Drive
* Elise check with UF re: logo design
* Gaurav: will draft social media/website guidelines
* Hao: contact Alethea about ResBaz dates

Next meeting: May 28th
Chair: Simona
Secretary: Elise
