---
layout: single
title: "2021-06-22 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2021-06-22
excerpt: "Travel grant awards; Workshops; elections"
---

UF Carpentries Meeting Minutes
===

###### tags: `UF Carpentries` `Meeting`

- **Location:** Zoom
- **Date:** June 22, 2021 10.00AM
- **Agenda**
1. Introductions
1. Approve minutes from 06/08/21 board meeting
1. Annual reports
1. Update on T-shirts, Travel Grants
2. Update on Summer Genomics Workshop
3. Continue Discussion on Fall Board Members Elections (i.e., timing, member roles, etc.)
 

- **Participants:**
    - Audrey Smith
    - Trista Brophy
    - Narayani Barve
    - Vijay Barve
    - Amobichukwu Amanambu
    

- **Meeting Chair:** Audrey
- **Meeting Secretary:** Narayani 
:::

## Notes 
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->
1. Minutes for 06/08/2021 are approved unanimously.
2. Trista worked on getting the invoice for the club T Shirts and finalizing the order. Payment is already processed and design is in progress. T Shirts would be ready soon.
3. Travel grants, two travel grants are processed. And waiting for the third one. So funds are utilized well within time. Rest of the amount will be rolled over.
4. Genomic workshop update -
    - Vijay updated about the meeting with Max and other instructors for the workshop. All the instructors were busy on June 24-25, so decided to postpone the workshop. Also the time was short for the announcement.
     - Another meeting to decide new dates will be organized by Max in which  instructors and helpers would join and plan to come up with a suitable date for the workshop.
    - Next workshop in July or August 2021. If that does not work then we might have to take up the workshop in Fall 2021.
5. Fall Elections.
    - Second week of September will be the probable dates for next year's elections
    - Will have a couple of position designations.
    - Look for the position document and add a new position in that document.
    - We need to start advertising in the last week of August, so that we get members.
6. We need to think about renewing the membership of the club and decide which type of membership is optimal for our group.
    - We need to work on the sponsorship to raise money.
    - We can do some fundraising, as the workshop will start in person next year.
7. Instructor training registration
    - Audrey is ready to list the steps needed to register for training for other approved applicants.
    - Roll over the code in fall? Get details from Brian and/or Brandon.
9. Agenda items for the nest meeting
    - Strategy for Hybrid workshop / Only in person workshop?
    - Elections, Advertise for more defined roles.
