UF Carpentries Meeting Minutes
===

###### tags: `UF Carpentries` `Meeting`

:::info
- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** May 25, 2021 10:00 AM (ET)
- **Agenda**
    
    1. Introductions
    2. Approve minutes from May 11 board meeting
    3. Status of Travel Grant Applications & New Plan for Scoring/Voting
    4. Genomics & Library Workshops
    

- **Participants:**
    - Brandon, Trista, Narayani, Vijay, Max, Alethea, Brian, Amobi
- **Meeting Chair:** Trista
- **Meeting Secretary:** Max


:::
## Notes 
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->
### Approve meeting minutes for Mar 2nd Board Meeting
- Approved by board majority

### Status of Travel Grant Applications & New Plan for Scoring/Voting
- New letter promoting applications for travel grants approved by members
- In case there are leftover funds, they may be used for merchandise and to buy shirts identifying instructors and helpers during in-person workshops
- Alethea confirmed the flexibility in the use of the funds for merchandise
- Currentyl only one application was received for the travel grants
- Trista to further share the letter on social media and governance members to further share with their contacts; Alethea to send it to the general informatics mailing list
- Deadline for application June 1st; members to meet to score applications 

### Update on instructor training

- Membership ending on August 1st; not all sits may be used due to memebrs other committments; our chapter inquired for extension ont he use of the slots; it might be possible, within limits, but further inquires are to be made to clarify if this comes to a cost
- Option 1) membership could be extended for 3 months; this would give longer to use the slots; option 2) it might be possible to roll over the unused sits (up to 4) to the next year.
- Right now there are 2 slots that would need to be rolled over. Brian to contact the Carpentry back and let them know that we decided to roll over 2 slots
- Brandon to contact trainees to inform them the deadline they have to use their slot

### Genomics Workshop
- To be held week starting June 20
- Max to send the syllabus to other members;
- Three people (including Max) willing to act as instructors;
- Narayani to act as helper or instructor; also taking care of registrations
- Vijay volunteered as helper; also to take care of workshop github page
- Max to make sure there are enough instructors and helpers by next week 

### Library Workshop and fall plans on workshop format
- In person format might increase participation and community spirit and involvment. Hybrid format to be considered, depending on workshop or with remote option for part of the trainees, with preference for out of town Rec centers.
- Fall workshop to be scheduled for mid September; specific workshops to be further defined during the next meeting
- Preparation of next elections to be discussed during the next meeting

### Furtehr points to be discussed during the next meeting:
- Fall workshops
- Preparation of next elections to be discussed during the next meeting

### Positions for next meeting:
- Next meeting: June 8, 2021
- Meeting Chair: Trista
- Meeting Secretary: Max 


