---
layout: single
title: "2018-06-26 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2018-06-26
excerpt: "Renewal Funding and Research Bazaar"
---

## Attendees
Simona (remote), Kristina (remote), Matt, Justin, Brian, Hao

## Agenda
* Membership renewal
* Research bazaar in August

## Notes

### Membership renewal

* Waiting on last comments on the Google Doc for email draft (Simona, others? still have to provide comments)
* Discussed target departments (on top of the Libraries and iDigBio who have already been contacted). Identified the following (see below for action items):
	- WEC
	- Museum of Natural History
	- Biology
	- IFAS
* Receiving support from 2 new sources would be enough for this year

### Research bazaar
* Hao will organize. 
* We will be offering workshops (2?) and inviting speakers for panels. 
* Organization meeting involving other groups to be held in the week of July 9th (Matt will send out email to coordinate). 
* The event will take place in mid-late August sometimes right before classes start.

### Next Meeting
* Back to our original schedule, next meeting will be on Tue July 17th

### Action Items
* Contact department chairs: 
	- WEC, Eric Hellgren (Hao)
	- Museum, Doug Jones (Matt)
	- IFAS, Elaine Turner (Justin)
	- Biology (Brian will talk to Rob to find out who to contact)
* Provide comments on the Google Doc for email draft 
