---
layout: single
title: "2019-03-12 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2019-03-12
excerpt: "EPI Workshop and Waitlist Registration"
---

# UF Carpentries Board Meeting, Mar 12, 2019

## Attendees
Chair: Elise

Secretary: Joe

Board Members: Hao, Brian, Geraldine

Non-board Members: Taylor, Max, Alethea, Plato 

## Agenda
* Approve previous meeting's minutes 
    https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/website/blob/master/_minutes/Board-2019-02-19.md
    * Minutes approved
* Discussion with Alethea: 
    * Workshop waitlist and priority registration
        * Alethea and Flora could input the names once workshops fill up that DOCE sends them into the shared Google Doc once they are given access
        * We need to remove "reserved seats" and substitute it for "priority registration" to clarify our committment to funding agencies. Including the EPI Workshop
        * Let Flora know of any changes to the catering (DOCE has fields for dietary restrictions that participants can check)
    * Workshop registration announcement
        * Adding a line asking participants to email Alethea to be added to the waitlist 
    * Access to shared google drive
    * Modifying workshop sign-in sheets
        * DOCE output has a number of set fields, we can take this and strip out the unnecessary information to produce sign-in sheets -- Hao will work on scripts to handle this for future workshops
* Discuss EPI workshop with Taylor Paisie
    * HPC lesson (https://hpc-carpentry.github.io/ ?)
        * Alex will teach the HPC lesson 
    * Instructors (Taylor, Carla, Alex, and Max)
    * Co-organizing board member- Geraldine 
    * Taylor is seeking a helper or instructor with command line experience 
    * Taylor brought a schedule with who is teaching each lesson
        * No lesson for Intro to R but yes Intro to Command Line
        * Hao recommends that the helpers and instructors meet beforehand
    * Survey links and registration links are completed but have not been sent yet
        * UF Carpentries Board will send out registration link on Monday to departments for priority registration 
    * Catering can be brought to the front room of EPI. Flora will need to be contacted by Taylor
    * Event website needs to be updated to remove the R lesson since it will not be taught
* April Instructor Training
    * Email will be sent out today through announcement channels
    * Elise has drafted the general announcement with Brian's evaluation critera below it
    * Brian will send emails to the sponsors for instructor training priority registration 
    * Flora will send registration links to the other listservs including Teaching Informatics, R Users, Grad Student Listserv, UFII/UFBI,
    * Francois has made the event website
    * Geraldine will notify Carpentries tomorrow morning the closing day of the application
* REC workshop update tabled
* IFAS Dean meeting on 3/15/19
    * Geraldine/Simona will let us know May 6th workshop details once they meet with IFAS
* Changes to workshop waitlist management 
(https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/issues/86)
    * Budget in reserved seats for financial sponsors (for 2019-2020)
    * We can have different prices using the DOCE system
    * We can also send a link where the price is zero and then change the price once the priority registration seats are filled
    * Alethea and Flora can modify the self-identifying information participants input through DOCE. 
    * Alethea needs the sign-in sheet to justify catering 
* ResBaz prelim planning and coordination tabled, github issue will be opened 
* Long-term workshop schedule tabled
* Google and Twitter accounts tabled
* Travel Awards tabled
    * Alethea recommends that we give access to the travel awards names to her when we give permissions to the Google Drive 
* Club logo and stickers
    * Elise contacted Flora and Alethea about this and they will order regular Carpentries stickers for April workshops
    * Design logo April/May tabled
* Other Items
    * Pick a Chair and Secretary for next meeting
        * Joe will be chair
        * Brian will be secretary 
* Action Items for 3/26/19 Meeting
    * ResBaz prelim planning and coordination tabled, github issue will be opened 
    * Long-term workshop schedule tabled
    * Google and Twitter accounts tabled
    * Travel Awards tabled
    * Logo design for April/May
