---
layout: single
title: "2018-10-09 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2018-10-09
excerpt: "Fall workshops, travel awards, board positions, onboarding docs"
---

## Attendees
Brian, Hao, Joe, Gauruv, Geraldine, Ben Toh, Elise, Justin Miller, David Jennings (remote), Caroline Storer (remote), Simona (remote)

## Agenda
* introductions
* meeting schedule
* upcoming geospatial workshop (October 23-24)
* debrief on October 4 workshop
* travel awards
* onboarding docs for new board members, organizing workshops (schedule)

## Notes

### Introductions

### Meeting Schedule
* every other Tuesday, 3:45 - 4:45 pm

### October 23-24 geospatial workshop
* registration links settled
* rooms reserved, website set up
* first full run-through of new geospatial materials for the Carpentries
* Matt has sent Justin (host of the workshop) a waitlist
* how to coordinate the timing of announcements to waitlist and full grad emailing
  - not sure how Matt has done the timing in the past (how long between announcements)
  - plan is to send registration link to waitlist tomorrow (Wednesday, October 10), general announcement for next Monday (October 15)
* dates confirmed for Tuesday/Wednesday (October 23-24), some confusion about this previously
* quick pre-survey of attendees to check for experience with R and geospatial data, to see whether introductory lessons are necessary
* request to finalize who is going to teach what (make sure to go over materials first)

### Debrief on October 4 1-day workshop
* ran out of time on exercises, too much materials
* feedback was positive
* any general procedure for reviewing feedback

### Travel Awards
* Joe, Brian, Gauruv are deciding on applications
* 3 applications received (can fund 2 of them, all domestic travel)
* create a rubric for grading applications, and publish on the website
* decisions need to be fast (stated decision for tomorrow)
* decided on a rubric for the group

### Board Positions
* deciding which positions we need:
  - chair to facilitate meetings
  - secretary to take minutes
  - treasurer (point of contact for Fiona and Alethea)
* what is the duration of these positions?
* treasurer position might be better as a per-term (per-semester), work with Matt to document procedures
* documenting the responsibilities of the position
* other roles
  - workshop coordinator (handle feedback, create schedule, etc.)
  - communications (twitter account, website)
  - membership (coordinating funding to pay for Carpentries membership)

### Voting Ties for Elections
* (tabled)

### action items
* travel awards decision
* Hao will chair next meeting, Joe and Elise will take minutes
* Hao will write up instructions for minutes
