---
layout: single
title: "2019-05-28 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2019-05-28
excerpt: "IFAS funding, sponsors, ResBaz, Social Media"
---

## Attendees
Board members: Simona, Hao, Joe, Brian, Gaurav, Elise

Non-board members: Alethea Geiger, Plato Smith, Dimitri Bourilkov



Agenda: 

- Approve last week's minutes
- Update on logo approval from UF 
- Update on IFAS funding
- Define target sponsors for membership renewal
- Define incentives for sponsors
- Update on ResBaz planning 
- Make decision on need-based scholarship/fee reduction
- Social media/website guidelines
- Revamp Code of Conduct
- Documenting curriculum-specific tips
- Preliminary workshop schedule for Fall 2019
- Summer workshops
- Update on USDA/UF machine learning workshop

## Notes

- Approve last week's minutes
    - approved
- Update on logo approval from UF
    - Can't have "University of Florida" within logo, but can have the text associated with the logo; the gator can be our logo, or we could include "FL", or...
    - Waiting to hear back from UF about this, Elise will update
- IFAS funding
    - They are providing $10,000 -- only $5,000 left
    - Is any of it reserved for the REC program?
        - Not clear; we need to ask Geraldine about this.
    - IFAS needs to get the money out the door soon
    - Travel for two instructors to go to REC, about $900
    - Two students from REC sent to UF for instructor training $907 per year
    - Didn't discuss incentives up to IFAS, what to do about departments under IFAS?
        - Keep incentives at the department level
        - Remember that the REC program is of direct benefit to IFAS anyway
        - Offer UFBI associated workshop as another component of IFAS' incentive; commit to teaching one each year; Pam would be interested
        - Keep early registration as just department incentives
        - Which departments under IFAS support us? WEC
        - Contact donors about what they would like to see, what the distribution of students are for workshops; Geraldine is working on this
        - Every 6 mos. contact donors, ask them if they're happy with their incentives
        - Need to contact IFAS to put expectations on paper before getting money transferred

- Define target sponsors for membership renewal
    - WEC, Museum, UFBI, UFII, Ethan's lab might be out, EPI, Heath Science Libraries, UF Libraries, Biology (declined last year)
    - We're planning to do a website for social sciences: https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/issues/75
    - need another 7500, if 1500/sponsor, need 5 sponsors
    - $1500 from libraries, Plato can check with them, will confirm within the next few days
    - Email current sponsors, people who have 
    - UFII confirmed, UFBI confirmed
    - Hao and Simona will check with WEC
    - Brian and Gaurav will check with Museum
    - Elise will reach out to Biology
    - Re-assess once we hear from previous sponsors (send emails by next meeting)
    - Email drafts are in Google Drive
        - Have one from last year, assumes they haven't heard of us
        - Have another Simona drafted that is for renewal

- Define incentives for sponsors
    - First week, set cap at half of total capacity, then set it to full capacity after that week
    - Would this be enough?
        - We could favour departments that sponsor us
        - Can't do early registration for instructor training because it's application based
    - Give input on content/timing of workshops
    - Create a pre-set schedule
    - Alethea has heard that set schedule is preferred

- Update on ResBaz planning
    - Tentatively week of Sept. 2nd, may do following week due to room availability
    - Three half-days (mornings, combo afternoon/mornings)
    - UF Innovation Hub will host reception
    - Meeting every two weeks, by next week have dates/activities fixed

- Need-based scholarship
    - Attach survey to workshop announcements that includes: 
        - Anon. survey that 

- Social media/website guidelines
    - Pull request for social media guidelines
    - when should board review social media guidelines on website
        - either look at it once it's on website
        - pull request
        - or do it now
    - Pull request: #41 (https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/website/pull/41)
    - Only issue is point 4; "Humorous content"
    - Change to "lighthearted" or another adjective?
    - Board approved with no changes

- Code of Conduct
    - How do we want to update it/how much detail?
        - Make it clear that we can kick people out
    - Want to include information about how to address code of conduct violations
        - Too difficult for one board member to handle
        - Should be reported to the board via gmail account
        - Depending on where violation occurs, would go through hosting institution
    - Draft something shorter than Carpentries code of conduct, but still conveys the same sentiment
    
- Documenting Curriculum-Specific Tips
    - https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/wiki/Curriculum-specific-notes
    - Gaurav created above wiki page
    - Include as a final step in the "Organizing a Workshop" guidelines
        - Done: https://github.com/uf-carpentry/coordination/wiki/Organizing-a-Workshop#write-down-any-curriculum-specific-notes-from-the-workshop
    - Add in etherpad links under each workshop
        - How long are etherpad links intended to last?

- Update on USDA/UF machine learning workshop
    - Adam Rivers organizing, wants to expand to 45-50 people
    - Mix of USDA and UF
    - Hao sent out brief survey, recommended Adam should reach out to Alethea or Flora to organize
    - Would that 45-50 people be too difficult to manage in a workshop?
        - Brian will put in comment on Github
    - Adam will handle registration logistics for USDA folks
 
- Summer workshops
    - No requests except for USDA
    - With ResBaz, will be pretty busy
    - Possibly EPI workshop
        - Geraldine will reach out to them
    - Feel like we should do something in the summer
    - Hao will draft an email asking Informatics List if there's anyone who wants to organize a workshop
    - Focus on fall semester, don't organize another workshop for the summer unless EPI wants one
    
- Preliminary workshop schedule for Fall 2019 (Tabled)

## Next meeting: 
- June 11th
- Hao Chair, Joe Secretary


## Action Items
- Send emails to potential sponsors (Hao/Simona, Brian/Gaurav, Elise)  
- Future agenda item: come up with consistent "Core" workshop schedule
- Code of conduct updates
    
