---
layout: single
title: "2020-06-16 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2020-06-16
excerpt: "REC online workshop, annual report"
---
## Agenda

- Approval of meeting minutes: https://www.uf-carpentries.org/minutes/board-2020-06-02/

- REC workshop preparation new dates- 4 day distributed workshop:  https://uf-carpentry.github.io/2020-06-29-IFAS_REC_ecology/
- Reporting of UFCC stats to funders: Status and tasks etc

## Notes

### Approval of meeting minutes
- Notes approved
- Workshop misspelled, Brian fixed

### REC workshop: Announcing
- Are we ready to send out the workshop announcement?
    - For same workshop but over two weeks, do we want two registration links?
    - Or have them register for the parts of the workshop they want to register for?
    - Eve told Alethea that we would have one registration link
    - 20 people cap, if a certain number of people don't show up over the whole time, then it's not a problem
    - Registering twice could be confusing
- DECISION: All agreed that people can attend all or some of the workshop
- DECISION: Only one registration link
    - Eve will have people tell her if they have travel plans to let her know if there would be slots
    - Eve finished website
- DECISION: We can send out announcement this week
- What about listserves for REC people?
    - Director of Jenicca's REC is interested in sharing it among all RECs
    - When Eve gets registration link from Flora (tomorrow), Eve will send it along to Jennica

### REC workshop: Curriculum
   - Eve put together tentative schedule
       - Schedule split into an hour and a half sessions
        - Cut out intro to R
        - Manipulating and analyzing data in R
            - Introduction to ordinations
            - Intro to linear mixed models
            - NEON section
            - Data clustering
            - SQL for Data Management
- Jenicca confirmed that advanced material is desired
    - People at the REC already been to one intro to R workshop but didn't specify curriculum that they wanted
    - Could we find advanced courses under the Carpentries?
    - The material that Eve included was suggested as supplementary material by the carpentries
    - Stats out of traditional Carpentries scope
    - Could present challenges 
        - There are a lot of subtle things about each topic
        - Within that time frame, can't cover the subtlety
        - Should we do Software Carpentry in Shell or Git instead?
        - How much is hiding lots of complexity is beneficial in the long run?
        - Will the students give up and want to know how to run the models without understanding it?
        - Either simpler, or fewer topics
        - This is more about teaching tools, rather than stats 
        - NEON day 1, and day 2 version control, then geospatial 
        - what about the shell?
        - if we did geospatial, would it just be one day
        - forget shell and git, keep Day 1
        - NEON at day 2: first hour and a half
        - then geospatial after that?
        - Do we want to make it just a geospatial workshop?
        - Or add git at the end?

- What does Jenicca think the RECs would want?
    - she sent out survey
    - most people voted for Ecology, close second was geospatial
    - is the version control useful for the RECs?
    - Jenicca thinks maybe not really useful for RECs, most people know it
    - R for ecologists, NEON data, and geospatial are probably of most interest

- Consensus, change schedule to be: 
Day 1: R for Ecology: manipulating and analyzing data, visualizing data
Day 2: am, lesson 1: Intro to NEON
Day 2: am, lesson 2: extension of NEON lesson or R markdown (https://ourcodingclub.github.io/tutorials/rmarkdown/)
Day 3: Intro to raster
Day 4: Intro to shapefiles

- Once registration link gets finalized, will send out, then will have second call for moderators and instructors
- Brian will be able to help on the second half, now with the multi-day schedule

### Sending out report to funders
- Planning to send all funders a final report
- Usually send UFII a report
- Alethea will send out updated budget numbers
- Survey: Eve asked Flora to send us previous workshop information
- worksheets need to be copied from excel sheet, then run the old code
- Need to send report to Carpentries (has template)
- Do we have a deadline for this?
- There wasn't a particular deadline
- What is needed exactly? Jenicca is meeting with Geraldine to walk through these files
- Jenicca and Brian work on this next week, or if Jenicca wants to do it, she can lead it

### Next meeting agenda items
- We need to subscribe to our annual membership sometime soon
- The Carpentries is putting together the carpentries connect virtually
    - Eve will be volunteering
    - https://carpentries.org/blog/2020/06/call-for-carpentrycon-review-and-regional-hosts/
- Do we want to do workshop in August? What will our August/fall look like?
    - Image processing, python
        - new on the carpentries page, in beta, about 8 hour lesson
        - 3 or 4 day workshop and do 3 hours a day in August
        - keep this in consideration, possibly with USDA machine learning
- Do we need to bring in someone else on board, since we don't know what Minghao's involvement will be? We're close to an election, can manage between the remaining 

### Next meeting
- Due to workshop schedule, postpone next meeting until July 14th
- Brian: chair, Elise: secretary
