---
layout: single
title: "2023-02-07 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2023-02-07
excerpt: "February 2023 Meeting"
---

###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`

## Meeting Info

- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** February 7, 2023 11:00 AM (EST)
- **Agenda**
1. Introductions
2. Approval of January 24th, 2023 minutes
3. Review what worked and what did not work for R for Reproducible Science workshop
4. Check-in about Git workshop planning status
5. Discuss next steps for 2 other future workshops in Spring 2023 semester
6. Check-in about IFAS update
7. Check-in about sponsorship emails
8. Check-in about budget update and review
9. Allocating funds for instructor training - how many trainings to reward

- **Participants:**
    - Dellena Bloom, Ke Zhang, CJ Campbell, Flora Marynak, Natya Hans, Audrey Smith, Cory Brunson, Ali Alruzuq
    - **Meeting Chair:** Ke
    - **Meeting Secretary:** Dellena

## Notes
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

### Approval of January 24th, 2023 minutes

* Minutes approved

### Review what worked and what did not work for R for Reproducible Science workshop

* Huge drop-off from day 1 to day 2
* Day 1 - first session went much longer than expected - possibly more helpers needed
* Instructors and helpers were helpful
* More time was necessary for attendees to work on their own code
* Instructor flexibility helped
* Better scheduling and time estimations are needed and wire tripping hazards should be addressed
* Sticking to time alloted for workshop episodes
* How do we mirror the code and not the lesson plan? - can we share only one of our active windows or have a secondary monitor? - maybe use the computer installed there
* Send reminder email for participants to complete post-workshop survey - Natya

### Check-in about Git workshop planning status

* Cory is planning this
* Sending request for instructors this week and next week send out announcement
* March 3rd

### Discuss next steps for 2 other future workshops in Spring 2023 semester

* Genomics- March 30/31 for genomics workshop; in person; UFII room is booked up, so we have to find another space to apply for and rent; might have to charge more for renting the room - Cory will discuss with Aida to see if she's flexible
* Python- Centrally organized; Dellena and Cory co-organizing; remote workshop; since centrally organized, there's less to do for hosts; mid-April; Audrey sending request; standard 2 day workshop

### Check-in about IFAS update

* Audrey found notes from Geraldine and Cory needs to put notes together

### Check-in about sponsorship emails

* Audrey is going through the list trying to update contact information
* After updated contacts and email form, letter gets copied and dates changed and this is sent to updated contacts

### Check-in about budget update and review

* Wondering if Ike paid for the food from Reproducible R workshop from our budget?

### Allocating funds for instructor training - how many trainings to reward

* We need to check if the applications for instructor training are required or if we can just select people to attend the trainings - Audrey will check this
* Able to do 3 this year, each training is $900 per person for our tier
* Do we want to prioritize board members now that we are in the Bronze tier?

### Any other business

* Mentioned social media work - we need a way to login to Facebook account; Audrey talked to Trista about this

### Notes for next meeting

* Chair: Dellena Bloom
* Secretary: Ke Zhang
* Introductions
* Approval of Feb 7, 2023 minutes
* Check-in about Git workshop planning status
* Discuss next steps for 2 other future workshops in Spring 2023 semester
* Check-in about IFAS update
* Check-in about sponsorship emails
* Check-in about budget update and review
* Other business
