---
layout: single
title: "2019-10-29 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2019-10-29
excerpt: "November workshops updates, Instructor meeting, The Social in Spring "
---
## Agenda
* Introduction of new member
* Last meetings minute approval
* Updates about the November workshops
    * Intro to data analysis and version control
    * Genomics
* Instructor meeting
* Dealing with priority registration as far as IFAS is concerned

## Attendees 
Board members: Jenicca Poongavanan (secretary), Vratika Chaudhary (chair), Brian Stucky, Eve Bohnett, Elise Morrison Guest: Taylor, Dimitri Bourikov

## Last meeting minutes
* Approved

## November Workshop 
* Introduction to R workshop 
    * 7 people registered so far. 
    * No emails from the Grad school so far. 
    * Send emails regarding the workshops to the different department we can have access to. 
    * Instructor meeting this Thursday, time TBA through email. 
    * Coverage per time block/curriculum

* Genomics Workshop
    * There is a website ready to be send out. 
    * Send it to Alethea, she will send out to the necessary list servs. 
    * Around 3 to 4 signed up so far
    * 3 instructor so far. No helpers signed up yet. 
    * Alethea taking care of food etc
    * Gathering info on registration fees. Taylor will change and accomodate the survey link data carpentry has already set up. 

## Workshop - survey
* Creating a survey that can be recycled to different workshop
* One of the workshop asks about what is preventing you from attending the workshop. Fees is something that came up. 

## The Social - Spring 
* The intention is to try find a low pressure environment to meet up with people and talk about Data Carpentry. An informal encouter to whom we can get to be. 
* The announcement should be clear. The announcement was not sent to a big population. 
* Gaurav is the person to be contacted for the Data Carpentry Social Media platform.
* Next Social - beginning of spring semester

## Instructor meeting - (Pre-Thursday)
* Survey response - Fees is too high. They would apply for a fee waiver.
* We should maybe allow a certian amount of fee waiver in the future. 
* Do we decrease the fees? We will wait to hear back from the survey after the November Workshops. 


