---
layout: single
title: "2022-09-06 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2022-09-06
excerpt: "September 06 2022 Meeting"
---

###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`

## Meeting Info

- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** September 06, 2022 1:00 PM (EST)
- **Agenda**
1. Introductions
2. Approval of Aug. 22 Board Meeting minutes
3. Fall 2022 Meet-and-Greet recap
4. Elections update
5. Update on upcoming Ecology Workshop
6. Updates on other upcoming workshops
7. Funding for Instructor Training
8. Update on IFAS Report
9. Student Travel Grants
10. Any other business

- **Participants:**
    - Cory Brunson, Caitlin Campbell, Amanda Markee, Dellena Bloom, Audrey Smith, Amobi Amanambu, Natya Hans, Shar Siddiqui
    - **Meeting Chair:** Caitlin
    - **Meeting Secretary:** Audrey
    
*Minutes from Aug. 22nd meeting approved.

## Notes
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

### Fall 2022 Meet-and-Greet Recap
* Good turnout, went well. Good improve on setting agenda/talking points.
* Audrey will compile notes and send out, also add to event 'to-do' list.

### Elections Update
* Audrey updated Elections webpage; created self-nomination & responses form; set election self-nomination period for Sept. 1-16.
* Audrey will edit self-nomination form.
* Leave self-nomination deadline date of Sept. 16; can reassess at that time and extend if necessary.
* Audrey will send out elections announcement/invitations for self-nominations email to informatics listserv.

## Ecology Workshop Update
* Question of 1 or 2 day workshop- decided to leave as 2 days (Sept. 19-20).
* SQL lesson add on- decided to offer it as optional if interested.
* Workshop will be 100% virtual.
* Caitlin & Dellena will send out email solicitation for workshop volunteers within next 1-2 days.

### Upddate on Other Upcoming Workshops:
* Genomics: Organized by Cory & Aidia for Oct. 10-11; in-person format. Aida will be main instructor.
* Libraries: Centrally-organized, Carpentries Org availability between ~Nov.6-12 dates available. 
* Amanda will work on confirming Libraries workshop dates.

### Funding for Instructor Training
* Current membership tier does not include instructor training seats.
* At the Meet-and-Greet, Kathe Todd-Brown indicated she may be able to secure funding for instructor training for students from her dept.
* Cory suggests we solicit funding from interested departments to fund students for instructor training in the future.
* Audrey- we may have instructor training seats for the 2021-22 membership year- will investigate.

### IFAS Report Update 
* Audrey- some text of recent reports updated; need to finalize data.
* Cory has reached out to Geraldine and will meet with her regarding finalizing IFAS reports.

### Student Travel Grants
* Where do these funds come from? Audrey thinks overall Club funds that are acquired from sponsors.
* Audrey will check with Flora about the status of the Club funds and budget.

## Any Other Business
* No other business introduced.

### Notes for Next Meeting
* Caitlin will send a scheduling poll for the next board meeting.
* Caitlin will serve as Chair; Audrey as Secretary. 








Amobichukwu Chukwudi Amanambu
