---
layout: single
title: "2020-04-28 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2020-04-28
excerpt: "Geospatial workshop planning"
---

## Agenda
* Approve minutes from the last meeting:
https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/website/blob/master/_minutes/Board-2020-04-14.md
* Geospatial meets NEON workshop 
     - 5/18 & 5/19
     - free 
     - 12 participants
     - instructor/moderator/helper signup
     - registration pages
     - website updates
* REC online workshop survey
     - geospatial + special topic?
     - dates June 15/16, June 22/23?
* Github integration on Carpentries Slack

## Notes

## Attendees
Carla, Vratika, Eve, Minghao, Brian, Elise

### Approve minutes from the last meeting:
https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/website/blob/master/_minutes/Board-2020-04-14.md
* minutes approved, minor edits requested

### Geospatial meets NEON workshop 
* 5/18 & 5/19
* free 
* 12 participants
* instructor/moderator/helper signup: 
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1O9wnvbZCe5EmdRY0hVLqBc5iYv4CwBnGQrAofepjans/edit#gid=0
    * instructors: have enough instructors for one instructor every 1.5 hours
    * moderators: have enough moderators, will need to decide how their timing will be split up
    * helpers: will field questions in the chat box
* In the workshop: 
    * students first post questions in the chat
    * helpers keep track of the questions in the chat box
    * if needed, helpers can have a private chat box with the student
* registration pages: 
    * Alethea will create a registration link for the free workshop
    * We will update the website with the registration link
* website updates
    * add in section about how the virtual workshop will work
*  Instructors and moderators will need to meet before the workshop to discuss agenda, etc.
    * agreed on 3pm on the 12th of May, carpentries board meeting will be from 2:30 to 3 on the same day
* will use raise hand as the stickies


### REC online workshop survey: not discussed, will get updates from Jenicca via email
* geospatial + special topic?
* dates June 15/16, June 22/23?


### Github integration on Carpentries Slack
* does anyone find the github/slack integration useful?
* Agreed, not particularly useful
* Brian will disable, could always enable it again if it is missed

### Next agenda items: 
* eventually will have to add the election to agenda items

### Next meeting: 
* Vratika will be chair
* Minghao will be secretary
