---
layout: single
title: "2018-06-05 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2018-06-05
excerpt: "Renewal Funding and Logistics for June 25 workshop"
---

## Attendees
Simona (remote), Kristina (remote), Geraldine (remote), Punam, Justin, Miao, Dan Maxwell, Brian, Hao

## Notes
### Carpentry Con Update (from Justin)
* In many places, one champion for carpentries activities (Matt v 1.0), often not part of that person's job; in some cases, an organizer has half-time support
* Justin will upload notes to the website
* We (UF Carpentry Club) does not have a twitter presence, is this worthwhile to pursue?
  + Kristina is offering to spearhead this (#FOMO)
* Hacky Hour (more social-oriented community-of-practice style events)
* Research Bazaar (multi-day event, more buffet-style than focused workshops)
  + We can scale this to our capacity and feasible timelines
  + professional development would help draw people in and be useful
  + UFDSI might be interested (possible cross-collab between groups at UF)
  + Fran√ßois might have non-UF contacts to help
  + Melissa (new hire in Health Sciences Library) has helped put on a similar event for training, reproducibility
* What can we do for August?
  + start small
  + maybe just a panel discussion
  + bring people from different backgrounds for (random) encounters / mixers
* Access and Allyship was a big component of the Con (1st keynote - maybe online?)
  + how to run effective meetings
* Carpentry Champions program (still in the works)
* Carpentries Community Cookbook has a listing of community activities (https://cookbook.carpentries.org/)
* Mozilla is transferring Study Group (Mozilla Science Lab is closed) to the Carpentries org.
* Local Carpentry Con like events are encouraged
  + possible funding sources: Mozilla, AWS, Moore foundation
  
### June 25-26 Workshop
* 10 signups so far (from waitlist, EPI list, informatics-training list)
  + no announcement yet to the gradlist - waiting for admin to circulate
  + Alethea will also help circulate to other colleges
* inquiry about group discount (no, but let's think about this as an incentive for departments to provide funding)
* Make sure helpers have scheduled times (so that they don't show up all at once, but there are sufficient folks around)
  + Added columns to the signup sheet
* Renewal Funding
* still working out the details
* can begin by approaching institutes that might have more dedicated budgets for support
* Dan might have a funding mechanism for grad students ($15/hr, 10-15 hr/wk)
  + libraries are probably out, for Carpentries renewal funding, but could work to support other activities that the Board decides are important (e.g. community-building)
* bring Pam, George, Dan, Ethan together for a meeting??
  + Matt might already have contacted these folks
* the sell could include a lot more than just renewal funding
* visibility to departments is going to be important for asking money

### Action Items
  1. where are we are now with existing sponsors?
  2. need a template of messaging when asking for funding?

### Summer scheduling
* keep it the same (fortnightly, Tuesdays at 3pm)