---
layout: single
title: "2021-11-10 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2021-11-10
excerpt: "Sponsorships; Future Workshops"
---

UF Carpentries Meeting Minutes
===

###### tags: `Templates` `Meeting`

- **Location:** Zoom
- **Date:** November 10, 2021 12.00PM
- **Agenda**
1. Introductions
2. Approve minutes from 10/27/21 board meeting
3. Review & finalize sponsorship solicitation email
4. Assign board members to contact potential sponsors
5. Any other business
 

- **Participants:**
    - Audrey Smith
    - Narayani Barve
    - Vijay Barve
    - Amanda Markee
    - Caitlin Campbell
    - Trista Brophy
    - Amobichukwu 
    

- **Meeting Chair:** Audrey
- **Meeting Secretary:** Narayani 


## Notes 
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->
1. Minutes of the previous meeting 10/27/2021 were approved.
2. Sponsorships and funding
    - Amanda asked if we have fundraising events to get funds. Vijay explained that we do not have much expenses, so we had no fund raising events in the past. 
    - Audrey might get the list of sponspors from last years from Alethea
    - Template for the sponsorship letter should be used as a baseline, can be modified little bit based on the requirements.
    - Looking at the past funders we can approach few more departments for funding like ufbi.
    - If IFAS is funding the club, then can we request funds to other department under IFAS. What could be the convincing reason to ask for funds?
    - Update from Trist. Software Carpentry is planning to increase the membership fees. But most the University members were not happy with that. This is important as it is directly related to funds we raised. 
    - Sponsorship funds of $1500 from museum is not mentioned in the email which Aleatha sent earlier. We need to find out more details about this.
3. Brief discussion about the genomics workshop. Amanda is interested in helping in that workshop. 
    -  This workshop could happen in the early spring. 
4. Vijay asked about intro to Python workshop, if there are any instructors available. 
    - Trista suggested that we can discuss about this in the next meeting. 
    - Intro to R, Intro to Python, Genomics and libraries could be potential workshops in spring. 
5. Next Meeting 
    - Monday 11/22/2021, tentative time 12:45 to 1:45 PM. 
    - Trista will be secretary, and Audrey will be chair. 
    - Sponsorship, workshops etc. 
 
