UF Carpentries Meeting Minutes
===

###### tags: `UF Carpentries` `Meeting`

:::info
- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** Mar 15, 2021 10:00 AM (ET)
- **Agenda**
    
    1. Introductions
    2. Approve minutes from March 2nd board meeting
    3. Upcoming Geospatial workshop
    4. Ensuring priority workshops registration for  sponsoring departments
    5. UF Carpentries inclusion in grant proposal
    6. Instructor training application
    7. Annual reports

- **Participants:**
    - Brandon, Trista, Narayani, Vijay, Audrey, Kathe Todd-Brown, Amobi, Max
- **Meeting Chair:** Brandon
- **Meeting Secretary:** Trista


:::
## Notes 
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->
### Approve meeting minutes for Mar 2nd Board Meeting
- Approved by board majority

### Upcoming Geospatial workshop
- Workshop is full with 40 people with additional on waitlist
- We have 7 instructors and 9 helpers (including instructors); We need more helpers: Brandon will send out follow-up email; Trista can post on Social Media
- Need to schedule a meeting with instructors and helpers for Friday March 19th; 
- Vijay is updating the website to ensure event info is visible
- Send email confirmation today with request to confirm by end of day Thursday; Send a reminder on Wednesday
- Zoom link should be emailed to participants over the weekend; Trista will make and send out to board by Thursday
- Brandon will send email out for instructor/helper workshop

### Ensuring priority workshop registration for sponsoring departments
- Discussed various ways to ensure the 6 seats when departments are emailing the registration out to other mailing lists
- We have sponsors whose total priority seats equates to more seats than is typically available in a workshop
- We can continue to do what we've been doing but change the language in the intial email to our sponsors asking if they have 6 specific people they want to attend

### UF Carpentries inclusion in grant proposal
- Kathe is an Ast. Prof in BioEng; Certified Carpentry instructor; Willing to serve as an instructor/helper for this event if needed
- Proposal is for "Code for Science & Society"; Small grant to put together virtual events; Goal is to annotate soil data, which requires domain and informatics expertise. Looking to automate data automatization & integration
- Looking for standard 2 day workshop for command line, git, & R; Sees this as an entry level workshop to help soil scientists learn how to talk to people who code as part of a hackathon
- Sees this more as event sponsorship, not department sponsoship
- Would like to help us figure out a system to online proposals like this as a new funding stream
- Needs 20 seats for this workshop; Doesn't need priority seats for the rest of the academic year; Not sure how many people will show up
- Board agreed to $1500 sponsorship for this workshop with 20 reserved seats for the workshop and no other priority seats for other events.
- Potential timeframe: Late Summer to October at the latest
- Kathe can help us get helpers and instructors
- Kathe will stay in contact regarding grant approval and next steps

### Instructor training application
- We need to review the google form; Narayani hasn't completed it but will do so this week and send it out to the board
- We can distribute the application after the geospatial workshop

### Annual reports
- Audrey is meeting with Geraldine this Thursday
- Discussion moved to next meeting

### Positions for next meeting:
- Next meeting: March 30, 2021
- Meeting Chair: Trista
- Meeting Secretary: Narayani 
