---
layout: single
title: "2018-06-19 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2018-06-19
excerpt: "Renewal Funding and Logistics for June 25 workshop"
---

## Attendees
Simona (remote), Kristina (remote), Geraldine (remote), Matt, Punam, Justin, Miao, Brian, Hao, Carpentries Executive Council, David Jennings, Jilly Bean (remote)

## Agenda
* benefits for supporting departments and membership renewal
* dates for fall workshop(s)
* travel award cycle for the summer
* next meeting (July 3 - interim chair, Simona will be gone)

## Notes

### Renewal funding and benefits for supporting departments
* four options for ~~selling out~~ benefits
  - discounted seats for workshops (not feasible with existing registration system)
  - reserved seats for workshops
    + could do 50/50 reserved seats, gets us to 70 seats for $15000
    + early announcement and registration
    + "priority" registration?
  - reserved seats for instructor training
    + same conceptual idea as for workshops, skip application process
    + will this be valuable to departments?
    + has broader pedagogical value
  - arranging for mutual scheduling of workshops and content
* $1500 (unit for support)
  - 6 priority seats in workshops
  - 2 priority seats in instructional training
  - first review of workshop schedule
    + how would this work?
    + input into timing and material
    + input into instructor selection
    + helps us identify what students will benefit from
    + "participation in the schedule" (one scheduling meeting per semester?)
* Is this needed?
  - many departments may have good will for funding already
  
### Finances
* Ethan (White Lab) will support up to $3750
* Larry (iDigBio) will support $3750
* Informatics / Library might be able to support $3750
* money might need to be shuffled around to deal with what grants can support
* sustainability for future funding is a priority objective

### Fall 2018 Workshops
* first week of October (iDigBio has summit on 1st, 2nd, 3rd)
  - iDigBio is working on an adaptation of the R Ecology lesson using collections data (could be presented / taught)
  - 1-day version? (scheduling is difficult with LSU playing on Friday)
  - logistics can follow regular Carpentries workshops

### Travel Awards
* do we want to have one for the summer?
  - we're out of money
* do we want to schedule an awards cycle for the Fall?
* next discussion point will be Spring 2019
  - need to figure out budgeting (treasurer)

### Next Meeting
* see this for updating schedule: https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/Coordination/issues/25
* shift forward next week's meeting to June 26

### August Workshops
* coordination for all of our friends?
  - R meetup (Dan Maxwell)
  - Libraries (Plato)
  - HPC?
  - UFIT
* schedule a coordination meeting in mid-July
* what events?
  - at least 2 full workshops
  - at least 2 single-day workshops
* discussion panel
  - non-academic careers panel (UFII, UFIT, Libraries?)

### Misc
* Carpentry Connect in South Africa (~September)
* Carpentry Champions / Community-Building
  - how can the UF model be "exported" / duplicated elsewhere?
  - how can the executive council support this? (they are interested)

### Action Items
* open an issue and make a google doc for initial email 
* schedule a coordination meeting for August Carpentries Festival / Research Bazaar for the week of July 9

