---
layout: single
title: "2022-03-14 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2022-03-14
excerpt: "March 2022 Meeting 1"
---
2022-03-14 Board Meeting
###### tags: `UF Caprentries` `Meeting` `Minutes`
## Meeting Info
- **Location:** Remote
- **Date:** March 14, 2022 11:00 AM (EST)
- **Agenda**
1. Introductions
2. Approve meeting minutes from Feb. 28th board meeting
3. Update on Carpentries' new policy on use of logo
4. Update on FY22 budget & membership tier
5. Update on sponsorship emails
6. Update on upcoming workshops
7. Discussion on documenting Chair & Secretary responsibilities on website or in charter
8. Any other business

- **Participants:**
    - Audrey Smith, Cory Brunson, Narayani Barve, Caitlin Campbell, Dellena Bloom, Amobi Amanambu
    - **Meeting Chair:** Audrey
    - **Meeting Secretary:** Cory

## Notes
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

### Introductions

All attendees had been introduced; introductions were skipped.

### Approve meeting minutes from Feb. 28th board meeting

[February 28 minutes](https://www.uf-carpentries.org/minutes/board-2022-02-28/) were unanimously approved.

### Update on Carpentries' new policy on use of logo

Audrey attended Carpentries info session on new logo policy
- our logo does not adhere to policy (due to change to shape)
- not urgent, but will need to change, ideally this academic year
- will share notes from session

Cory asked about asking for special approval of existing logo
- may not be an option
- Audrey will follow up
- Caitlin urges that we push to keep our existing logo

### Update on FY22 budget & membership tier

Cory did not hear back from Trista at previous email
- Audrey will provide new email; Cory will email again

### Update on sponsorship emails

Narayani heard back from UFBI: will contribute $1,000, willing to contribute more if needed

Audrey and Cory will contact departments originally assigned to Trista
- see [Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aPoB-A13Y95nlaPGZ0pEfvJuM15eNMEZhShCrsGAK_w/)

### Update on upcoming workshops

Amanda emailed an update:
- Flora has created registrations for the upcoming centrally-organized events (see email from March 2); we can start advertising them any time
- no update yet about securing instructors

Python workshop is in 3 weeks
- Audrey will send out call for helpers
- need to have website up and then advertise

Audrey will ask Amanda about asking Carpentries about creating the websites

### Discussion on documenting Chair & Secretary responsibilities on website or in charter

Tentatively agree to add a Governance page with chair & secretary responsibilities
* Chair creates Zoom session, creates an agenda issue, & sends invitation to informatics teachers list
* Secretary creates new event on website using this information
* Secretary posts minutes & resolves agenda issue

Will discuss via email & next meeting

### Any other business

Audrey got recognized as a workshop instructor! & got positive feedback

When to schedule recurring / regular workshops?
- easier for our instructors to instruct
- Fall: Reproducible Scientific Analysis
- Spring: Ecology

Audrey will email informatics teaching list to ask what week (before, first, second) each semester would be best

### Notes for next meeting

Audrey and Cory will again chair and take notes

Scheduled for March 28
