---
layout: single
title: "2019-12-10 Board Meeting"
menu: "main"
date: 2019-12-10
excerpt: "Travel awards, Workshop updates, social events, trainings and meeting with UFII director"
---
## Agenda
* Last meetings minute approval
* REC workshops
* Travel awards
* Fee Reduction Survey
* Spring workshops
* Spring social event
* UFII director meeting


## Attendees
Board members: Brian Stucky, Eve Bohnett, Vratika Chaudhary, Carla Mavian (chair), Minghao Gong (secretory)

## Last Meeting Minutes
* Approved


## REC workshops
* Jenicca will have updates on it. The current attendees don't have any information about it. 

## Travel awards
* Early January as the notification time?
* Still need to address:
	* If a meeting occur after the applications; Can we do that?

## Fee reduction survey
* Distribution of last workshop in Roman, Google form. 
* Create questions related to financial concerns. 

## Sign up for workshop 
* Alethea if possible to do Dosy registration 
* remind anything he know we should be able to do something on that
* Put questions in there so that can bring up 

## Spring workshops
* Instructor training? Still no ideas until the training is ready. Waiting for the information about the workshops
* Start another workshop after training session?

## UFII director meeting; Machine learning
* If machine learning doesn't work, some other ordinary workshops can replace it:
	* the 2nd genomic workshop is ready.
	* Geospatial is another easy route to go.
* We may leave the challenges of machine learning into the Summer

## Spring social event
* Before instructor training? But still don't know the time for instructor training.
* End of January, beginning of February will be safe. 
* Usually there will be no presentation; pizza events and talking
	* Highlighting workshops in the presentation. 
	* Poster showcase.
	* Guest speakers.
* Booking rooms when the time settled down. 
* May be a secondary event: EPI, Communicore, data carpentry
* 11:30 a.m. - 1:30 p.m.


## Next board meeting
* the beginning of the week. The exact time to be scheduled. 










## Intro do data analysis workshop
* we have the website up and mostly finished.
* Have a registration form set up. 
* Website - there's currently a placeholder for the registration link - we first are going to email the donors the registration link before it gets put on the website. 
* Sponsors to email this week: WEC, Libraries, UFII, IFAS, UFBI, Museum
    * How do we want to "invite" IFAS to priority registration?
    * Likely will focus on the REC program for IFAS, give priority registration to other donors
* We can then send the list to IFAS and other donors.
* Next week we would send out the general assignment.
* We need an instructor meeting to confirm the curriculum. The week before the workshop (likely Thurs/Friday Oct 31 or Nov. 1st). 
* We need to make sure of the schedule - when one lessons starts and ends. 

## Genomics workshop
* A general wait list - google sheets. Has specification about what workshop they're waitlisted for, use this to know who to contact for which workshop. Link: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1P_DpY6tSnkCNwNyUUn8OL0f5NmJPW-876WpbafmXnmc/edit?pli=1#gid=0  
* There might be a genomics waitlist - TBC
    * currently only one person on the waitlist for the genomics workshop


## Waitlist 
* How we handle the waitlist. The idea was that the participants should keep an eye on the announcements. 
* See above re: general waitlist link

## Certificates and instructors 
* We do not provide any certificates to the instructors. 
* * Everytime we organise a workshop, we need to keep tract of the instructors because we have an eligibility criteria. They should have taught, help or attended a minimum of two workshops. Those criteria can be found on UF carpentries wiki : https://github.com/UF-Carpentry/website


## Financial State Review
* ResBaz lunches: board had approved one lunch (up to $500), SharpSpring already covered one (reconciled), registration contributed to costs as well
* Geraldine is writing up more detailed information on how certain processes are organised over the year. We have a gold membership from the Carpentries. 
* We have an agreement with the Carpentries: link
* Instructors are offered an allowance.
* We have a seat on the carpentries Member Council, we have not been very active so far.
* We don't organize workshops at other institutions, we usually direct them to speak with Carpentries directly
* We have a list of funders. IFAS is our biggest funder. 
* We have a couple of certified instructors at the other RECs. 
* This year because the IFAS funding is new, we would suggest to provide a bigger allowance to instructors. 
* Meeting with the dean and the new board members - Is the funding coming in annually? 
* Spring - we need to talk to people about funding. The financial year ends July 1st.
* We get some money from workshops as well with a slight 'profit' generally.
* We also have powerpoint presentations, where we put the logos of our funders. 
* We have ~$5500 for travel awards and REC workshops. We also can expect more travel award from Dr Michailidis. 
* For regular travel awards (2 at $500 each), we should announce soon, so people can plan travel
* Any payments that need to be made for the carpentries goes through Alethea. We need to present her with the receipt.

## Other items: 
* For next agenda: 
    * Spring social: try for early to mid spring semester for social, before March instructor training
    * Instructor workshop planning (tentatively March)

* When announcing upcoming workshops, add both workshops on one email announcement: Vratika will send out donor announcement, Brian will send out museum announcement, 
    * Geraldine will check with the letter that we sent to them: she checked, we didn't make a commitment to priority registration
    * If we haven't made a committment to it, we will announce normally 
    * They will raise it with their meeting with the Dean
        * Is it a benefit that they want to receive?
        * If so, how would they like to go about it?
            * Best option, get them an IFAS focused workshop in the spring
* How to organise an instructor workshop is listed on Wiki. 
* Meeting next week - Oct 29th at 3:45pm. Then every other week after


## Officer positions
* Vratika: Chair 
* Jenicca: secretary






